[["Um, basically what I'm gonna have to talk to you about today is um component design and it's been brought to my attention that we may be somewhat limited as to what we can do because of what our manufacturer offers, so Basically what I'm gonna be doing is talking to you about that. Um, components of a remote control, okay. Um, and also there's a kinetic energy possibility. And if we do go with the rubber doubled curved case um we'll have to use rubber push buttons because the other buttons aren't compatible with that. And if you were to record if you were to make a video recording you could actually see the light. Um, of course Yeah, just as a fun gimmick. Um, and then on to the circuit board that we're gonna use, also known as the chip. Um, if we do go the lithium battery route then we'll have to go outside our current manufacturer. It is the new it would be in a class of its own. We could initially go with what we have and if we can find them cheaper later on Yeah. Doesn't have to be out taking a sunbath for a few hours a day or anything. If, if we're not going the touch-screen route then we can um just incorporate maybe something that folds out like what you often see on these kinds of remotes is the most basic functions up here and something that slides down to reveal the you know more complicated things. Um, another concept is what uh Apple has come up with, the spinning wheel with uh L_C_ display like on the uh iPod which I am sure most of you know about. Uh the jumbo universal remote control is almost impossible to misplace or lose. Um, again probably not what we're going for so I I mean my ideas here and kind of where I think we're heading is something slightly larger than a regular iPod uh with a hard cla c uh plastic casing although I think some of the suggestions we've come up with are definitely uh very good ideas. Oh you guys are always the dampers on these projects. Where do you guys come up with these numbers? I think it's all about following Apple's lead on a lot of these things. Think then we're hitting our cost issue again. And again copying iMac's kind of for iPod Mac Apple's uh colour scheme. I think that goes against the whole fancy something, a new line, but worth a shot. I think we'd have to decide between 'em definitely. Course, maybe they hadn't thought of this whole touch screen option, but definitely we know the market is there for voice recognition so to say we have the technology and we're not gonna use it even though we know it'll sell is a call I don't think I can give the highs ups. Like really I can't go in and say no we're gonna just ignore everything we know. So and when are we gonna have basic prototypes coming up next that's you guys's next step right? Well and do we wanna consider like an iPod screen which isn't a touch screen but you're still scrolling through menu options, in p True, we're still not making it easier then. Oh it wasn't in the way but yeah, whatever. Right so um, apologies for the last meeting, it was brought to my attention that I did not make the roles clear enough, um, so I will attempt to do so more accurately in this particular meeting. So, without th further ado, whoever wants to go first is free to. Yeah, it's like, yep it's ubiquitous isn't it? Right so, good to know all that stuff, thanks guys, um. Now we kind of have to come to some decisions, um, I figure we can just go down the line and all three of us can have a chat about it. Based on what Nathan presented as far as the um various costs and benefits um I think, I dunno, what do you guys think about the touch screen at this point? ' So From the board, um, well That's true, I mean And that's to be fair the um the per cent of the market we're not going for mass any you know, mass sales anyway, we're gonna make I mean we we're not talking about selling eight zillion of these things, we just couldn't, not for twenty-five Euros, so we could probably maybe shrink the profit margins rather than selling for twenty five, sell 'em for thirty, but that's something that we can have finance deal with. You know, you can't you can't have all three. Otherwise, yeah, we just it just becomes cost prohibitive. Is it cheaper to do the V_R_ or to do the uh touch screen? We will omit the touch screen in favour of voice recognition. Would the solar power be enough to fuel a voice recognition? We'll have more of an idea when the prototype have more of a we'll have more of an idea later on. We've already kind of covered this as well. So that's what to start with for now, is that alright, you guys feel clear about this?", "The Industrial Designer presented an analysis of cost and the manufacturing options that were available to the group. The Marketing Expert presented market trends and the organic trend that this project would adopt. She discussed materials that could be used to follow this trend. The User Interface Designer presented several interface concepts including voice recognition, a spinning wheel design, and a touch screen interface. The group then discussed the features of the device. They discussed the costs and benefits of using either voice recognition or the touch screen interface, and decided on voice recognition based on their marketing data that favored it. They decided to use solar power to power the device. The group discussed the non-traditional look the device could have since the voice recognition would allow it to be stationary. They discussed using rubber for the case. The group talked about hiding the complicated functions from the main interface, using rubber for the buttons, and having different cases to suit different tastes. The Project Manager reiterated that the product was being marketed towards the youth market, and then gave out assignments and instructed the group to work together to build the prototype. "], ["Well, my favourite animal would be a monkey. Is he aware that th it's his own cha tail he's chasing? Probably when he was little he got lots of attention for doing it and has forever been conditioned. ' Um f frequencies or something um as well as uh characters, um different uh keypad styles and s symbols. Um so I'm wondering right away, is selling twenty five Euros, is that sort of the thi is this gonna to be like the premium product kinda thing or Uh-huh. Like so sort of like how do you I I mean one one way of looking at it would be, well the people producing television sets, maybe they have to buy remote controls. So they w all work actually function together but I have different remote controls for each of them. I remember when the first remote control my my family had was on a cable. Or are we keeping sort of like a a design commitment to television features? Um so we're designing a new remote control and um Oh I have to record who's here actually. Um yeah so des uh design a new remote control. Um, as you can see it's supposed to be original, trendy and user friendly. Um so that's kind of our our brief, as it were. Um and so there are three different stages to the design. Don't feel like you're in a rush, anyway. Ach why not We might have to get you up again then. But yeah, I suppose it has to look kind of cool and gimmicky. Um so anything else anybody wants to add about what they don't like about remote controls they've used, what they would really like to be part of this new one at all? Right, well um so just to wrap up, the next meeting's gonna be in thirty minutes. Um and uh marketing executive, you'll be just thinking about what it actually what, you know, what requirements it has to has to fulfil and you'll all get instructions emailed to you, I guess. And uh and that's the end of the meeting. Big reason is 'cause I'm allergic to most animals. I think one factor would be production cost.", "The project manager introduced the upcoming project to the team members and then the team members participated in an exercise in which they drew their favorite animal and discussed what they liked about the animal. The project manager talked about the project finances and selling prices. The team then discussed various features to consider in making the remote. "], ["W we can use something like you know the whole body's titanium but there are some rubber or I dunno some rubber parts like to make it feel better and to you know Yeah. So uh, that's not I hope that's not too much. It's called the millennium remote control. But instead of this I will devise That's our concept. So just just just just think about it um. The L_C_D_ would The display would only be display and not uh touch sensitive you mean. So the batteries uh are going to be very light. Puts less of constraint on what we can do but it's always like that. Do you think it can come in several colours? I think I think they would be ready p ready to pay more for that. Although similar but have something just slightly better. You don't have your remo Wh you you know like for instance take the iPod. Uh to be to be quick there's a lot of words here but uh basically there are uh in in the market of of remote controls there are three aspects that we should very pay much attention to. The first one, which seems to be the most important one, is that it has to be fancy, it has to have a fancy look and feel. Strangely enough it's more important to be fancy than to be wi and now that's the second thing it has to be, it has to be technologically i innovative, it has to be new with some of uh new uh technology inside and uh and this is also uh more important than the last thing which we w may think that would have been the most important, which is that it should be easy to use and it should be easy to use as a remote control. If we look back and not uh look at only remote controls I think it's important to see that the trends are quite the same in many areas so currently the the trends that we see in l in l big cities like Paris and Milan, well, it seems that this year things should have uh a fruit and vegetable uh way of of look or feel or so. No, it's not it's not this this is very general, yeah. But it seems that trends travel across things. We have a very large department of paint. First one, we can use simple battery, or we can use traditional solar cells or mm and the material we can have plastic, rubber which is good for this R_S_A_ and then uh titanium, which can be which have very good look an and then interface we're to use push buttons or liquid crystal d L_C_D_ display. And we can use some, moving kind of thing. And we also want to look at our remote control, so. And also we want to go for titanium design instead of rubber or and well the problem is with this design we found that we can't use double-curved shapes. So these abilities are mainly ad addressed by young people? It's more general trend it's not particular to the remote control. yeah, yeah sponge, yeah yeah at least that's Yeah yeah that yeah yeah. So, can we highlight the specific features of our yeah, so so we want the speech recogniser and we want some kind of buttons and we want some themes like fruits or vegetables, that's we want to follow general trend. we have only the plastic or the the chippy yeah fibre chips or Uh. Um um we have to take a decision on the control remote control concepts and we have forty minutes. Um I want to know why it b uh just uh sorry but for the point before uh why not the rubber, if it is something that it seems to be light. You m titanium it's more uh Yes so mm Uh-huh. So let's now go to the you don't have more question? Yeah but that's maybe mo too much expensive, yeah. Okay, so we will have uh next meeting in thirty minutes again.", "The project manager stated the agenda and set the goals for the current meeting. The industrial designer discussed different options for batteries, case materials and shapes, chips, and interface components and also discussed the components necessary for a speech recognition capable remote control. The user interface designer presented his concept for the interface design which he called the \"millennium remote control\". The user interface designer also discussed with the team color options and how to make a \"smart\" remote which is in tune with the user's preferences. The marketing expert discussed current findings from trend watching reports which indicated that there is a desire for products to have a fancy look and feel, be technologically innovative, be easy to use, incorporate a fruit and vegetable theme, and be spongy. The project manager gave the team members their assignments and then the team went over the decisions they had made and discussed whether to use titanium or rubber in their design. "], ["It's basically what we agreed upon, but just a little bit more specified. We chose a different type of colour for the menu. That's the be And it I guess it's more easier to just paint it on the rubber than to uh So we have it's a bit round shaped, that's what we had uh We chose the buttons to be uh teletext, okay button, favourite channel and the mute. If you have anything to add, please interrupt me. So Well, I'd I tend to disagree with you on that, because the trend issue was a big issue when we started designing this. But they don't Well And if we So which curve is that ba that's basically that curve. I would say I would agree with you on the colour, because that's an extra option, an extra service we can deliver for a little bit of more money. Ten, sixteen, divided by Is two two third. And we could share information which we received. There was a little delay in the bit of a c crucial delay. Okay, so which ones are we going to scratch definitely? I don't really know whether we can save it as a picture or no. Perhaps they uh no, but perhaps they think uh okay, the cover is such a nice idea, uh let's that that then they uh that allow us to make some more costs. Everybody was using materials that s I didn't have. That's not very uh handy, but if you know that, then it's not a problem. So that the first three letters are s the same. Um I have some uh a method, a requirements and scale of. I uh will pre present uh some statements and we will decided together wha what if it's true or false and uh then we see uh if the requirements of the user are fulfilled or not. The p Oh yeah, it's red, okay, but Look and feel is everybo it's true. Just uh only the channels and or What uh? Uh yeah, all the trends and no colours uh anymore. Yeah, but we yeah, we don't have it, so d In the end product. Mm Yeah, after After five minutes, uh Yeah. I will write that one in a Word uh document. Oh sh Um Yeah, okay, I will ask you when uh I need the information. Uh, one one, two threes, two Okay, then we'll overall, two points. Nee no, you just go ahead and present the w we'll scrap it later because What? And I suppose the the the yellow is not printed on the on the rubber. There are ninety one percent of uh the people, or something like that. It was a big issue, but I'll just go back. It it's not uh the project is a no-go if we go over twelve and a half, so. And everything that's left is is the basic function that uh that we want our product to have. Because the expensive parts are in either the advanced chip. But that's not for our that's not our decision to take. So It's uh something we have to decide on. So That's just this one just d this is the banana curve. So I think it would be a good idea to keep the curve to separate it from the rest of the remote control world, so to speak. And I'm in favour of keeping the rubber, because it has more more advantages than the colour yellow has. So I think that would still make it a nice product. But I suppose it sells, because it's good. We took it s it's so easy, we have so little button, everything speaks for itself really. I think it's perfect, the w where it is, what it can do, if it useful. Just for extra information on your programmes. No, maybe it's not a one because it's we're not using it perfectly. We didn't give it I don't thing over-discussing. Oh yeah Just to be a prick, but of course you can talk to your remote control, it doesn't do anything. It's just the colours that are not supporting the basic model. Without that it would be like under it wouldn't yeah, it would be under two. So like I said, changing channels, everything hidden in your L_C_D_ display, so you just need the navigation buttons to do everything. I think we did pretty well as team-work though. Then it um then you can then it exports to Word automatically. So I'd I had no extra information to go on that one than what you give me actually. Uh that that's That makes me think of different products than a remote control really. Uh I think that the the R_C_ together takes away the the the image of it's a triple Uh the first the first one looks like it's a triple remote control, but it's only a single remote control. And it looks cool when you print it in font, looks pretty cool. Just like this just and you just print triple R_, it looks doesn't look bad, it's short, it's okay. We have the product, we have the costs, we have the possibility of everything.", "The UI and ID presented a prototype drawing of the remote control design. The rubber case is yellow with black buttons and dark yellow for the menus. There are buttons for teletext, favourite channel, mute and OK. It incorporates both LCD screen and speech recognition. The prototype proved over budget (17 euros). The main contributing factors were the LCD and speech recognition. The latter was taken out, along with the special colour. Everyone agreed that the financial information should not have been given to them at the last moment. After the costing, the original prototype was evaluated on a scale of 1(excellent)-7(very bad). The criteria used were look and feel (1), whether it is easy to find (1), whether it is easy to learn (2), use of LCD (3), speech recognition (7), trendiness (2). Finally, the team evaluated the project process in terms of creativity (satisfactory), leadership and teamwork (happy with it, but they missed communicating in between meetings), and means (SMARTboard could be improved in terms of response time, the digital pens could not be used on more than one page at the same time). Finally, the decided to call their design Triple-R. "], ["I think for us it's just like a normal whiteboard, but they'll be recording what we write down. Dogs are always friendly and loyal and fun. Yours is well Yeah but the the mic should not Yeah. So, i But it's Actually, I think I cannot go with uh Yeah. So it's half of the selling price, if I am good in mathematics. And I I'm the the industrial designer okay. It's very uh Uh so yeah uh Just uh on your web page but uh yeah not uh not face to face. But before Yeah, but w w we want to design a new one. No I don't think so it has to be like that yeah and you have to adjust the length. I think you can put anywhere you want, actually. I thin It's not a directional mic, anyway. Fifty mill Of course it should have a on off button. Now we are looking for television things or I_P_. Ah it's it's it's it's coming up, actually. Yes and you can put can clip it uh on your Somewhere. You all know I hope how it's about uh the uh new r remote control we are going going to design. Um basically this is about a uh a new c remote control. I I I'm not fully updated about this shared folder uh. So Maybe I hope you have some space in your uh the horse of uh Mael. Uh when we are and when w you are uh going to design w uh we must keep in mind that the selling price of the product uh will be about twenty five Euros, so when designing a project uh I also look at you uh Mael, keep in mind uh uh uh People uh want to get the feeling this is a twenty five Euro project uh pr um product. And uh now just let have some discussion about what is a good remote control and uh well keep in mind this this first point, it has to be original, it has to be trendy, it has to be user friendly. Yes, but but but ab about the spec the buttons, the buttons uh that will be on it. So, uh I think we should now all go work uh uh at this and uh you will be informed via email and other kind of communication.", "The meeting begins with the group trying to resolve some equipment issues and waiting for Anna's arrival. Then the project manager introduces the meeting by saying they have some technical tools with which to communicate so they will try to get acquainted with them first. He starts talking about the product they are to design, a remote control which should be original, trendy, and user-friendly. The general outline of the project will be the functional, conceptual, and detailed design. They do some tool training by trying out the whiteboard, and each person draws his/her favorite animal on it. The project manager proceeds to talk about the project finance, which is followed by a group discussion about what functions a good remote control has. This includes the basics such as on/off, channel up/down browsing, volume and record button(s). At this point they clarify their names and roles in the group and then resume talking about remote control functions. They discuss some functions such as a personal video recorder, but say it is probable that they cannot produce a fancy device given their budget. The project manager closes the meeting by telling each group member what he/she will be working on. "], ["So, we are So let's go for our detailed design meeting. So maybe I will let the our two designers talk about so their You have s oh, sorry. It looks like a pineapple with cherry on top. And you can turn it so maybe it's techno technologically innov innovative? Yeah but y but you have to go through all the channels if you want to go Mm-hmm. Most of the time you have the yeah it's a sleeping remote control. Previously you said that turning this was the fine Fine to coarse. Okay and we we had a project prototype presentation with the evaluation. So we need to calculate the production cost. As I said in the first meeting we need to have so a remote control that would cost not more than twelve and point fifty Euros. And if not if it's not the case y you would have to redesign it. Kinetic, we don't have it, I suppose, but we have solar cells. Yeah, but we have you the the voice recognition, no? An but we have integrated scroll wheel with push dut button. But it would i be interesting for our marketing team, to make a lot of advertisement concerning these solar cells to be Yeah but it will be technologically innova innovative, so. So it's easy to use and powerful, as the remote control a has only one button. Yeah, but the colour, I think the colour is more is most important, because I I don't think you have ever seen something like that before for a remote control. Maybe next if we decide to do something we'd can put light inside. The first is a circle and the second is a triangle s piece. So this is a introduction of our product. So it's quite convenient for user to use it. Uh this sta uh this triangle base is very stable, so uh so it's it's um it's unlikely you cannot found it. So it's v Um, you can put it in the table so you can turn the the ball to cha to select the channel and there's some cute button. You c can can you can see the the shape of the buttons n is a mushroom, so Yeah, everything's mushroom. So it c it could be channel two, channel three, channel four, channel five. Or you ca you can you can also turn this. If you want to from uh skip from channel one to channel ten you tune this. Uh there's different scale, so you can you can choose how much do you want to sc Mm-hmm. We have change the electronics to from from the the the sample sensor to regular chip. So we have to give a So we have give him give it a cute name. So Do we have a fancy look and feel, according to you? Yeah but this this turning can you can you just re explain me the Please. So you you count one degree, two degrees, no. But w we've said previously that maybe it's not going to be th l the main And this would be more for browsing, ah. Uh we wouldn't say, I mean, those are sort of agreed but this one would be more five to me. Yeah, you would never you would never lose this one, yeah. It's good they're not charging anything for that. Well I think we have just have to discuss if I dunno. Yeah, afterwards, if if it's a new trend. Effectively one slide and maybe we can discuss everything. I I think we take into account what you said about fruit and vegetable you know. In fact this this this this is a kind of you know revolutionary solar receptor that we can put outside and I don't think so, but it it's might be okay, so. And I think you you've never seen a rou a round remote control, so it is I W Yeah, but I see, you have microphone array embedded. So I think you can transform the wood into plastic, maybe. One s one scroll wheel, so And the vocal chord, it's fine. We've done it with it is under the if it was low, high or so. Yeah, that's that would be really interesting, actually. Yeah, it's But I think it's good to follow the f flow and you know make it now and after, you know, if the people change their mind you change also the product. A T_V_ for autumn and a T_V_ for winter, you know, so it's So what i and do w is it Okay. It should be it should be fine, you know, actually. It's it's will enlight your house, your home and your T_V_, so.", "The User Interface Designer and the Industrial Designer presented their prototype for the remote. The prototype was yellow and red and was shaped like a mushroom. The team then conducted a product evaluation of the prototype. Overall, the team found the prototype to be technologically innovative but had some issues with the prototype's appearance and its usability. The team decided that the prototype required further work. The team then discussed the production costs of the remote and what features they should retain or lose in order to maintain their target cost. In discussing the production costs, the team settled on what features they wanted in the remote, while staying within the boundaries of their budget, and decided it was not necessary to completely redesign their product. The team then engaged in a project evaluation in which the team discussed the process of creating their product. "], ["Especially if we're selling into the U_S_ market becasue there's a lot of Spanish speakers there. Well th the on the thing is though, most remote controls are used by more than one person. Well it can still be a, you can still extend past the hand. I think even even if it was within budget do a speech reco rec system it might be a bit difficult because if you think if you're watching T_V_ you're gonna have a lot of this uh background noise from the T_V_ which might interfere with the Uh participant three. There are a lot of expensive remote controls out there. But um the thing that I find most interesting about this remote control, and it's kind of difficult to uh to see in the slide, but it has a scroll wheel on it, which is kind of like uh a mouse scroll wheel, which I think is it's a really kind of important design aspect um is it's 'Cause the thing is what a what we the presen this presentation we had is what we want the remote control to actually do. And obviously the the simplest thing that a remote control does is it just change the change the channel. So I think a scroll wheel is is quite handy. One possibility, if we now we need to still talk about the price point because obviously a lot of this stuff can't be done for twenty five Eu uh Euro, but one possibility is to download program information into the L_C_D_ screen so that instead of actually saying I want to I want to go to channel thirty seven because I know this programme's on, you know, often you don't know what ch what channel it's on, or you don't know what's on. I think even that, I mean, that would be a fairly cheap thing, compared to an L_C_D_ screen, to implement, um but I think that would be quite useful as well. You know that would be something maybe you could sell as an extra, so that it doesn't have to be part of the initial development, but, you know, later on you could you can you know you also, selling the potential of the device. Then you say potentially you can then do other cool stuff like change the lights, I dunno, close the windows, whatever, turn the heating on, and um, I think that's something we may need to have as as at least as an optional extra to to kinda make our product cool, since we say we're putting the fashion in electronics. Well this is this is another que we still haven't really defined the remote. 'Cause that really makes a big difference. You can get a lot more information on it. They may not have pictures, but maybe they do. There's dependi it also depends on the country. So it may be possible that there are people out there providing that. Well I I think if we're gonna I think we would definitely need the internet connection because even with y I don't think you could even get teletext information from the T_V_ onto the remote control, especially if we don't control the T_V_. But yeah it uh Yeah because if the product will be international Maybe maybe I should uh start. For the functional requirements and especially for the for the user requirements. I dunno I th Anyway I think it could be int interesting to to release some a a small fraction of of this remote controls. Actually this marketing report is restricted to T_V_ remote controls. So what would what would appear in the in the L_C_D_? Well maybe it could be a universal design. The first and the third point, they are clashing. It's like V_I_ editor, you are having two modes similarly. Because the same button is doing too many things. Means we can have, depending on the cost, how much we can afford, we can have different kind of interfaces. So anyway that is the first, user interface could be of more than one type, and uh yeah that means we can do the on-line changes which which cannot be done now actually. And for voice, limited vocabulary automatic speech recognition system is required and we require a microphone also to be sitting there on the remote. Uh yes, if it is limited vocabulary usually it's enough. No it it could be little d yeah it could be That's right. And then there are two kind of things which can be so one is the button interface which has not been shown because because of lack of time. So there is A_S_R_ decoder which could be there, and then there could be another scroll button scroll scroller, and then there could be buttons, and all of them they will just do the decoding and put it in the math put it in the proper message format. So th an A_S_R_ decoder we can have things in. So, today we are going to have a f second meeting. So, I just put d quickly Remo, but if you have any o other names that we co could decide for just to to keep something fun for our project we we should we could discuss quickly. So let's go for the three presentations right now. So maybe we could start with the market, yeah. Well wh uh I imagine also that the microphone will be an ambiance um a um an ambience microphones because you are not going to speak into into th into the remote control. Because um in fact as we are targeting uh T_V_ in fact we can use T_V_ screen as a screen to feedback to to give some feedback informations about what we could have. So you mean yo you mean we we should target something maybe which is which would be more expensive but re really fancy in terms to um in terms to had to have really an added value? For instance through uh through your remote control. So so that mean w w we need an in an extra internet connection to use the remote control, if you want to browse, in addition to the T_V_, or uh or it should be a special T_V_ connected to Okay. So this is that we z that that we should target.", "The project manager opens the meeting stating that they will address the functional design of the remote and saying they are still undecided about whether it should be universal or specific. He suggests they name the project and they come up with \"mando\", meaning \"control\" in Spanish. The marketing expert presents some research done on user opinions of remotes. He suggests the use of using voice recognition or an LCD, which they discuss despite concerns about budget limitation. The industrial designer presents, showing examples of existing products and suggesting they add a scroll wheel for channel-changing. He says Internet capability might be necessary for an LCD and then brings up button size, suggesting having a flip-open door with extra buttons under it. They discuss voice recognition again, and then the interface specialist presents. He suggests they have two types of user interfaces and brings up that voice recognition would increase production price. They talk about the budget limitations on features and then the project manager summarizes decisios made and closes the meeting by teeling each group member what he should work on. "], ["So we come again for the the second meeting. And take the the decision about the the design and the functionality of the the remote control. But do you think what they sug suggested s possibility. According to the re to the new requirements I think we don't need that. Having a charger rather than putting the battery cells always. We just make a small charger and put it Bu Our remote, we do not want to make it P_D_A_. Oh we can put an limited vocabulary as in the mobile phones. And next one was the size of the remote control. Little bit more if it's with extra features. So, I think this should be a good idea, to put this features. And the fourth one was the teletext in various languages. I mean I mean yeah, it's for the um industrial design and users interface designers to decide if it's going to be working or not. And uh if you are a French guy watching an English movie you would like to have it in French. And the communication with the T_V_ set is uh made through uh infrared communication So uh this is the the schema of the o of the future uh remote controls so uh you can you can see the components, uh battery and uh the two chips goes to the infrared uh connection to the T_V_ set. Uh no no no no, I think uh we have uh to to uh have uh embedded uh b batteries in in the yeah into the t. Yeah, yeah. Also, but but I I I think uh the the goal is to sell our remote control. Yeah, s s speech is a important extra feature I think Well, uh Well, we are we we just have to find a mean how to to add a m a a a microphone or uh well yes a microphone into the the remote control, so I well it will be alright. Yeah, but well what about the the new project's requirement? So why's it how is it different from the Bluetooth? So So I'm working on the technical functions design. One is from the other one is from, yeah, uh engineering centr yeah. And then we the speech recognition as uh Harry says we may just put in we may K_I_V_. If you go by channel, you don't have to do that. I dunno how bu And responds to you, and I- mm. Th the system will change and we have to anticipate for those change.", "The Project Manager presented the goals of the meeting and new product requirements. The Industrial Designer presented the internal components of a remote control and showed a diagram of how they operate together. He suggested that field programmable gateway arrays be used for the chip controlling software functionalities, and it was suggested that the remote be used with a recharging stand. The User Interface Designer gave a presentation on the technical functions of the remote, and displayed the interfaces of two existing products for comparison. He showed that the competitors' remotes were too complicated. He suggested that the televisions that the remotes are used with connect to the internet to access downloadable programs. He suggested a simple design with few buttons, small size, and a locator function. The Marketing Expert presented several characteristics important to users. He discussed using speech recognition and ways to make it feasible for the project, small size, low price point, and incorporating teletext in different languages. The group discussed the new requirement that required them to omit teletext from their design, and discussed the possibility of using the remote to access the internet through the television. "], ["It's not that complicated, but I get it wrong every time. Okay so this is just a presentation on uh the trends that we're gonna use to make the product stand out from the rest of the products out there at the moment. So we have to work out a way what we can do with our product to make it stand out and make it so people wanna buy it. This is to do this I will not remove my microphone. People have to then think about it and say got something there that I want. So they have to be able to be able to look at it and have some intuitive idea of how to use it um. So as far as the design goes, the very most important aspect was the design, to the customers. Well we're selling so many units of this. You can have it so it's easy they can pick it up and use it straight away without doing anythi without customizing it, or if they want to they have the option of using these extra features. Well maybe we need specific costings then. Anoth another like b it flips up and then you've got another layer of buttons underneath. Yeah some ten twelve channel information. So these are the things presently which are seen in the market scenarios at present. Okay so in that case you can even look at the technology what the mobile phone is trying to use with the card. We should make a Yeah that yeah next meeting we should be Yeah that would depend upon us actually. So we are done for now..Okay so we are just waiting for Matthew. So you finding, just to say that the chip can detect uh when a key is pressed, and then it translate to the key, to a sequence, something like morse code, as you know, uh with a different sequence for each key, and uh uh that's, with the components we will use, we will have different uh messages, different sequences, and the chips sends that signal signal to the transistor that amplify to make it stronger um. And the final point okay is um we have yeah there are some uh compromise to to do. And the display requires an advanced chip, which in turns is more expensive than the regular chip, but I think uh with twelve Euros um and if it's uh uh made for mm four million uh items, then I think w we could be able to handle that. So to to sum up um we need yeah so I I just said that the components uh the list of components uh has to be uh yeah listed and um and um assembly is a an important process that has to be taken into account. Exactly yeah that's a very good idea, we could have uh one main chip uh that could handle, uh it's called F_P_G_A_ chip, that could handle both uh like scrolling wheels as well as uh L_C_D_ and yeah. Yeah but i it's a detailed uh yeah yeah uh plastic versus uh wood, and we need maybe to centre our description on uh the the really the what buttons what uh functionality we want to offer to the user, and maybe with uh graphs or I don't know uh User Interface Designer you could maybe uh help us on that. I agree yeah, and not too m too many keys of course yeah. Um this will be the uh agenda for the meeting uh. So and that uh will uh we have some uh forty minutes uh to complete this uh. So did you manage uh Oh yes I see him, good yes. Um yes but but I do maybe you can give a hand to us because I I'm not sure whether that that we can implement that for twelve Euro and fifty cents. So like a normal cheap plastic case which can be covered up in, for instance, a wooden case. So So I f I think we we should come to some decisions now uh a about this. Ma I I think uh for next meeting we c you two can present a real design. Yes yes yes bi big keys is is good thing I think. Mm w but then you have still have uh when you don't use it you have such a a an extent of your remote control which you don't use. Yes I I th that's what I mean so I mean something like like a book.", "Then the project manager opens the meeting announcing that they will address conceptual design and then giving the agenda. Matthew arrives late and the marketing expert begins her presentation about trends. She emphasizes that the remote needs to be exciting, contain a cool feature, and be somewhat intuitive. She reports that currently fruits and vegetables are fashionable- thus bright eye-catching colors, bold designs, and a spongy feel is appropriate. She lists ideas such as changable covers, a locator, speech recognition, and LCD screens. The industrial specialist presents, talking about how a remote typically has different keys, structures and forms. He likes the idea of implenting speech recognition into a universal remote. They discuss without certainity about the cost of such functions. The industrial designer presents about remote control components and the manufacturing process, listing options such as various buttons, scroll wheels, integrated push buttons like those in a computer mouse, and LCDs.  They discuss the project budget and the possibility of using an expensive chip. They decide to make two designs, one more advanced than the other. The project manager closes the meeting by telling each group member what his/her tasks will be until the next meeting. "], ["Do we think w s in the in the wrong folder maybe? So um the question well first of all what to control. Yeah, so there's a project I think called X_ house or something like that that does that, uh you can integrate your remote with uh computers stuff. It i can become painful you can have tendonditis. Th maybe their parents will not but they will configure it. I don't know if there is study about that. Well if it is going to be just a T_V_ remote control it is going to be very simple. It's an interesting idea, that if you press it for a long time it does something else, in general. Well if it's useful like if if you want to change between three channels for example then you h you cannot you cannot cannot work with just memory being incremental. Instead of having the up down buttons for uh you can have the wheel. I think it's only put on if cou have multi function. So I say U_C_ and I feed that to uh L_E_D_ which is uh infrared um which is a an infrared um component. And um but for a standard one this is really easy. Usually this is less tha at two dollars per chip. We can design the remote control to have access. Um I dunno if you can open the uh m is not here. And here I have the results so you can see that um seventy five per cent of users find most remote controls ugly so we have to find something to make them more more nice, more kind. So mm we have to have a remote control uh very um out for that. So there are other frustrations expressed by users, so they said uh they lost uh often the remote control in in the room so they want to have a way to to to find it. So they want something s really very simple and uh easy to use. Okay and if there is th the conclusion now. So we are here for uh for uh functional design. Okay so special navigation, linear access, random access and there's a fourth one no? So the better now for special navigation? Maybe we can have a look at the user requirements with I dunno if I can open it. So maybe I can switch slides when you whenever you ask, that will be more convenient. Yeah but in fact we it it seems that we are going to make a T_V_ remote control according to new requirements I received from the management bo I will present them in the following. Okay so you we have to make it uh more ergonomic yeah. Moreover th maybe those uh like those teenager customer could advice their parents to buy this equipment and so we can we have to take care of that point of view I think or so. So who think it would be good to go for uh like speech recognition? Maybe we can uh we can look at the new requirement I receive from the management board and discus discuss all function we want to have. So we may just uh make a very easy to use remote control with mainly those buttons and maybe also um some lightning stuff too because most people find also hard to to find the remote control. So we don't have to so this this uh is uh is um in the this is in the same direction as we were speaking so we don't have to make a very complex remote controls to access teletext and stuff like that Yeah but then you have to you have to define the buttons to surf amongst pages and stuff. Volume, maybe a mute button, and then on off button. Incremental definitely because zapping you you switch them. Maybe we have also to have digits or only incremental. So have a wheel for incremental, have the digits uh on the lower side that can be closed so as you say protected, and uh yeah I think this is the basi And do we do we have a No, a wheel is better. Well also we have to decide uh so it should be lightening in the dark I think because most people lost their remote control.", "The User Interface Designer presented the major components of the interface design, dividing the interface into two parts: voice commands and buttons. The Marketing Expert went over users' requirements as seen in a company study and showed that the major complaint was that remotes were too difficult to use. She also showed that users want fancier and more ergonomic designs, shock protection, voice recognition, and LCD screens. The Project Manager announced a new requirement to the group, that the remote is only to control televisions. The Industrial Designer gave a layout of the internal functions of the device and showed that a standard chip, instead of a larger one that would accomodate voice recognition, would be the most feasible. The Project Manager announced also that the group was not to include a teletext function and that they should integrate the company logo into the external design. The group decided on what button functions should be included and decided to eliminate the LCD screen and voice recognition from the design due to time and cost restraints. "], ["Well everybody already has his presentation, so you can adjust it. Well uh, my name's, and I looked at uh technical functions design of the remote. Uh, well perf personal preferences is is uh a simple remote, with uh the basic functions that you can need that you could use. And then uh make it I would make so that you can could uh use it on more than one appliance. Well you said it should only uh work with one appliance? Or because if it only directs at the T_V_, then you only have uh I don't know what you want to do with the L_C_D_ screen. So you can adjust which buttons you want on that s screen. But But he also said that we should not only focus on the younger people, but also on the older, and will they use it if it only has an L_C_D_ screen? Yeah, they are less important, but I think they should be there, or not? But then you also have to s have somewhere where you can put a remo recharger near your couch because otherwise you have to walk a long way when you twoft want to turn on the T_V_. I think everything has it for and I guess. Now you shouldn't say the wrong thing, I dunno. And you have to speak the so that it can understand. You could use that n as an option, if you have money left, or something. Yeah, when you press the red button, you go to page one hundred two, and when you press the I don't know if we should implement that, because it says that teletext not really important, but yeah, the shortcut, and you can't go to sport. But that should also be a sub then, a sub uh menu thing. Perhaps you can uh make adjustable fronts, like with the telephones. You can uh But I don't think that uh Yeah. Yet on and off is p is perhaps you kno No, no. Otherwise you I don't know whether or not that's Yeah, yeah. Are the younger people going to buy the remote control or the elderly people? And then tho that section we're going to focus and adjust the remote more to that section than the whole user section. And we possess about two third of the market from in that range of age. And have to be somewhat like bigger etcetera. So uh if that's k uh if that's the problem, you also have to find it easily on the remote. And on my personal preferences, I don't have any mo more time to come with that, but like I said, L_C_D_ screen is easily to use because you have you can implement a lot of buttons in one remote with not that much buttons. Especially the volume buttons, the channel buttes buttons and the number buttons to zap through the channels. From twenty six to thirty five have sixty six percent, and thirty six to forty five, fifty five percent, so I think to um Because on most recog remote controls um the print plate will be broken how much, two years. No, I don't have any costs here, I only have percentages. But our our our what's it, project requirements are the new products should be reached for new markets, to customers that are younger than forty. Yeah, i i if it Yeah, if it costs gets too much, too expensive, then yeah, we should be sticking to rubber buttons. Yeah, in I think that should yeah I think we all get the costs of everything. Then you have the seventy five percent of users find it r ugly. Yeah, should be there, but not press Yeah, sub-menu, yeah. And then b that uh before an hour when its get again gets empty. It has to be easy to use also, or things. I think an L_C_D_ screen should be suf sufficient. Every language of dialects I think it's very differen difficult. I think it can't be implemented, but maybe Yeah, 's an option, yes. Uh I think I go to have volume, mute but I Yeah. Yeah, screen settings, audio settings, teletext settings you have. Maybe only the on and o on and off button. Okay, um Okay, um I wanted to explain the working design of the remote control. Um well so it basically works uh as I uh uh r wrote down uh in this uh little uh summary. Uh I made a little uh uh animation of about how a tran our uh remote controller works. Uh when it is pressed down, um, the switch is ter is uh is switched on, so with uh the wire is sent to the to the chip in uh co-operation with the battery of course, because to make uh a a signal possible you have to have some sort of uh li uh a d ad uh electronic uh Yes, uh, okay. Yeah, we can make it possible to do that, yeah. After two minutes or three minutes, something like that. No, when you when you're done with s uh w uh watching your television, you have to put it Yeah sure, of course. Yeah just just a cable, or a even a a a a a charger where you can mount it on. Okay, well that should it has to be remote control, not Yeah. Perhaps the options should be uh Why not? So we want to uh yeah it's international uh okay. I Because we don't want a lot a devi yeah a device self s g Okay, so use uh very uh lot of peo Adjust with phones, yes Okay. Well, make it available in different colours, you mean? Yeah sea view, yes, Simpson's versions and Leave. Yeah, because uh when you touch the L_C_D_ screen when it is in standby mode, it should pop on. Um well I don't know who wants to go first with his presentation. Yeah, it's a little bug it's in the in the smart board. So that's uh the first thing we I think we should pay less attention to uh teletext. Uh the remote control should only be used for the television, otherwise the project becomes more complex, which endangers the time to market, and of course would make it more costly, I think. So we are going for the for the recharger. No, we said teletext also a separate menu. And here are the individual actions for the for the other roles.", "The project manager opened the meeting and then the industrial designer discussed the interior workings of a remote along with his personal preferences for the appearance of a remote. The user interface designer discussed the technical functions of a remote and indicated that a user centered approach to designing the interface would be preferable. The marketing expert discussed the functional requirements of a remote and user tendencies in using remotes. The marketing expert indicated that an ideal remote would include an LCD screen, would not be too small in size, and is easy to use. The project manager briefed the team on some new requirements and led them in a discussion in which the team discussed their target group and made decisions on the appearance and functions of their upcoming product. "], ["I keep forgetting whether I've done this.. Yep. We have simple rubber push buttons um which provide all the functionality we need. Well we have got s trendy further down, but Elegant, I don't know if I'd call them elegant. Yeah, I think they're different, aren't they? Yeah, simple, 'cause we've just got push buttons, so we can do it all with simple which is the ch should be the cheapest. Um do we have I I think you it means you reverse the curve. I'm not sure all the wires are really great though. And then we get the product launch party. Should we go with the yellow in terms of I think that's a really superior they're both Yeah. Um good, well designed buttons, intuitive buttons. Yeah, be you know, so it doesn't ruin the polarity. Well if you g uh let me know if if any of these um if you if you all can think of any other um thing to change here if you th if you think I should change the innovative or add other features. This is like a scroll, but they are push buttons and they enter takes you into the different menus. Uh this is on off switch, 'cause I think we do need that, and I think it gives it a nice balance. Uh position, I presume that just means right right on it, easy to see. The main feature of it is just a simple design, simple, lack of uh buttons all over the place. Whereas otherwise we'd thought, like with this one or mix and match, just we were gonna see what you thought, the uh a more spongy rubber cover with spongy buttons. Like a c like a compass point, you know, just up, down, left and right, and we think we could make that quite a good feature. Yeah, what about price, is that gonna go on there as well? I think just maybe we need a different word other than fancy, I'd say maybe aesthetic. So that's maybe not something we have to decide just right now, is it. Just somewhere a long the scale of in between these two. Well it is quite it is quite quirky I think. It could be quite a good brand, like a good little object. If it's it is gonna be environmentally friendly with the kinetic energy. As for see if we're technologically innovative, I'd say it is quite innovative, because there aren't really many that have this menu idea instead of all the extra buttons. What does double curved mean, I don't understand. In the meantime Closing things down, okay. So we're going to make a very fast track. So the first thing I have to do is close this so that I can get to Where is it? Uh from meeting three, is it alright with you if I don't switch it to show, just use it as is? 'Cause this way I can more easily flip it. There was no decision made on the curvatures or double curvature or straight. Um looking like a scroll, but it's really a push button technology, excuse my spelling um that was actually in use, that is uh behind the scenes is push button which we uh according to Kate have a very good uh grasp on doing that in production. Um and as suggested um yellow with black buttons with the company logo, a slogan and image might be a good idea based on the requirements that have been provided to us. Um we had to follow that up and prepare for the last one. Hand dynamo, battery, kinetic, solar cells. Yes, go to the project evaluation, next slide.", "The project manager opened the meeting and went over the minutes of the previous meeting. The user interface designer and industrial designer then presented two prototypes of the remote the team is working on and discussed the options for components and materials to include in their design. The first prototype featured a simple design with only a small number of buttons. The second prototype was shaped like a banana and used scroll push button technology. The marketing expert then led the team in conducting a product evaluation of the prototypes in which the prototypes were evaluated on the basis of their fanciness, technological innovation, ease of use, trendiness, and marketability. Overall, the prototypes performed quite well in the evaluation. The project manager then examined the production costs of the remote. The cost to produce the remote was 9.20 pounds and did not exceed the project budget. The team then conducted an evaluation of the project process, in which they indicated that they were quite happy with the tools available to them, the ideas they came up with, and their teamwork. "], ["Okay um, welcome to our detailed design meeting. Do you think that would be conceptually possible? It almost helps you ge keep a grip too, 'cause it goes in between fingers. That I thi I thought that would be under yours. They're all kind of just push button, right? It's only gonna bring us down to thirteen point three anyway. Um are the are the costs under twelve fifty Euro? Satisfaction with for example the room for creativity, leadership, teamwork, the means, any new ideas found. I think we all made um very significant contributions, I don't think anybody dominated it, which I thought was really good, like each of us was able to um like each of you had your information and I uh I tried to facilitate it without like taking over, um I like our little finished products. I know, let's think of it like a little jingle. Although the tog toggle I'm afraid I would It's cool. Yes definitely I'm very sad that I didn't get any links to the corporate website.. Wow. I love Excel, it's one of my favourite programs. Yeah I think the last time we had a lot of information, but at the same time not quite enough, you know what I mean, like we we couldn't answer every single question. I'm a little I am a little disappointed that we didn't do a um something for losing the remote, because that was kind of a big point. Just gonna make I'm making full minutes, so that it'll include all of the agenda and all that. I think we just need the um the R_R_, yeah. Uh you have the on off toggle stem on the top. So, that's for your consideration as well, plus it's an interesting talking point to have standing up. Yeah, something still a little bright to make it hard to lose, but yeah. Okay, is that where people are leaning then, the potato? I dunno if fancy is the word I would use. Ooh, that you couldn't it'd be harder to break, harder to lose. Oh, mango that that That's a much more trendy than a potato one. Because older people that aren't used to like texting with the thumb might find it a bit at first, but The menu system and the the fact that multiple buttons are used for different things might be a bit confusing, but I think if it's one it's one of those things that it might take you five minutes to figure out, but you'll have it afterwards. Um I'd say I'd give it uh a three, I guess it depends on how tidy you are normally. Shall we uh Well I think all of them should have an R_R_. Yeah I never did get a picture of those so I don't really know. The supplement is Oh, I guess it was rubber rather than latex. Uh well I don't know what the se the basic colour is though. How did it get more expensive, what did you just change? It was it was thirteen and now it's fifteen. But the fruits and vegetables, they really my creativity, so. Should we have that somewhere on the packaging? But in other things, I think it'd be really good. It's really funny that you got spam in your work emails. Yeah, my inspiration from from last time is the in interior of a remote control being taken apart bit by bit, talking about circuit boards. that was something like in order to talk about that we would've had to have actual knowledge about circuit boards and things like Yeah. I think we were just getting overenthusiastic with the task. You you're taking stuff from a bag and putting them in the refrigerator and then go back to my room. Although if it's sitting still for too long. Yeah, I guess How much of your PowerPoint was already done for you, every meeting. We No, I don't think we need to I think the R_ and R_, especially if the yellow and black one. I guess it i it sort of a grey, isn't it? I think it would be difficult technologically, because if your if your remote's lost it's probably under the settee and in that case you can't you can't send an infrared sing signal to it to find it, s so it's I'm not quite sure how it would work and then I wonder if it's if it's more just a gimmick then anything else. Let's all let's all go for the yellow Break the stem off. And I I know what happens sometimes is that you tend to sort of have meetings and then people sorta drift away without anything actually really being decided. If you like held it down, that would be on off. No, I actually don't have like a PowerPointy thing, 'cause I think it would be redundant. So what we sort of wanna do is that we each need to separately rank each of the following things and then I'll tabulate an average just to make sure that it does meet that. So we'll just go through them one at a time and we'll just go around and each of you can tell me on a scale of one to seven with one being really extremely true and seven being not true at all, or false, if the remote that we've created conforms to the following criteria. So like in my opinion the for now at least, the yellow one is probably somewhere in the middle so I'm gonna say it's like a three. And if it's made of like latex, that whole idea, that's pretty cool. Just so you know, easy to learn will be separate, so don't overlap them. I know you were saying that you're a little bit nervous about that, I dunno. Yeah, the toggle on off switch, it's really appealing. And does it meet our like demographic need sort of for international appeal, that whole thing? Per Well, but we know that we're having at least three colours, so Right. I know, I really did, the the whole mango idea was great. Kind of looks like a penguin, like with no eye. That's like mine it was like, would you prefer an L_C_D_ screen or a multifunction remote control? You have you have to have the slogan on it or can it just be like Okay good. Hey now I understand the random like newsclippings.", "The project manager recapped the decisions made in the previous meeting and two team members presented three prototypes which differed primarily in shape. The team felt it was not necessary to include a feature to prevent the remote from getting lost as the prototype designs were quite bright. The team conducted a product evaluation of the prototype the team liked the most. They rated the prototype on the basis of its appearance, functionality, technological innovativeness, sponginess, usability, learn-ability, its ability to be found when misplaced, simplicity, and its ability to meet the appropriate demographic. The team then discussed the production costs of the remote and what features they should retain or lose in order to maintain their target cost. The project manager then led the team in a project evaluation in which the team evaluated how they created the project, the information they found and used, their creativity, their teamwork, and the materials they had at their disposal. The team was generally quite satisfied. After the project manager's closing, the team discussed their personal preferences in terms of the prototypes. They also further evaluated the project process and discussed what they had learned. "], ["I'm not getting anything uh on my screen now. So it would be nice if we have one for all. And it should work with as many uh as possible of them. All all small buttons like when you have uh like a hundred buttons on your remote control, you won't know what they're working for. Uh something like when you uh lose your uh remote control, sometimes it happen. Uh it between the couch and you can't find it. And that it controls the channels and the the volume. And uh I I I think it's positive if there's a a LED uh uh a LED on the corner of the of the remote. First we have to make a functional design.", "For the first meeting, the task of designing a remote control was briefly introduced along with the plan for the subsequent meetings. The group then drew animals to practise using the drawing platform. They discussed their likes and dislikes regarding current remote controls, including ease of use, multiple systems and power indicators. They then offered suggestions as to what they would like from their remote. They would like the remote to be durable, for it to include a device to help find it when lost and not use too many batteries. "], ["So we are here for the concept design meeting. We have also uh the lightening feature for the remote control to be easy to find, and for fast development and low cost we have decided to have no L_C_D_ no voice features. Okay and there can uh recognize some commands and stuff? You can easily find the button in the dark or so? So maybe it's worse to uh to have more expense on that's that aspect. I think it's it makes it both easy and both innos innovative. So I think it's a good aspect and it should be kept. We have to make it l look like a fruit or vegetable. But that's not in the trend.. The trend is spongy, and vegetable fruits. So, I think we can keep the wheel because it's uh easy, it's innovative, even if the cost is a bit higher, and we also have to find a, so, a fruit like pear or banana wit uh any others idea you have. And standard battery okay, a chip imprint, there's no specific problem. So we agree to put the wheel So it have to it has to be symmetrical. So so to prepare the prototype I would suggest that the Industrial Designer and the User Interface Designer uh work together. Yeah but I think it's yeah Sorry, I haven't written my personal references. As soon as you thought to move the the remote control you have the light. I don't think that this is really expensive, but at the end this is plenty of unexpen eh very cheap devices but uh the bill starts to be First of all I was thinking to have a a continuous light and you w when t you you you you press the on button you have the light on your remote control, when you want to turn off your device Yeah, a little bit. Because But You y you don't use the banana when the banana is curving like that, but when the banana is curving like that, with the wheel on the top and to control, and here you have a a push button to Yeah. If you if you start with uh fancy fruits and fra s and tha Oh, yeah So So we will just use a a standard battery? Uh I mean for me if we use a a spongy banana case, doesn't matter. But if you move it then you have it, you don't need to find it. You can see the buttons better, of course. But if you move it then you have to have some sensor to when you move it to detect your movement. Yeah, but I expected also the wheel would be cheap but you tell me that it is very expensive so, yeah. Usually what I have noticed that people put the plastic cover on things that you normally don't mess with, like buttons for t uh tuning the channels and stuff like that. So, I don't think Yeah, this is just the the wheel. We could use the some wheels can be pushed down, could use the push down of the wheel for the record if we want. Uh so we could just basically use one just wheel and uh user could use just the wheel to do everything with the channels in that case. So now the recent investigation we we have done fo of the remote control um. And um the second aspect is uh that the remote control should be uh technological innovative. And the third most important aspect is to to is that the co remote control should be easy to use.", "The Industrial Designer presented the functional components that will appear in the prototype, and discussed with the group the high cost of the wheel sensor and the possibility of incorporating speech recognition. The User Interface Designer presented existing remote controls to help show the interface of the prototype. He showed how the new design will be more simple and ergonomic than the models he displayed by eliminating extra functions. The Marketing Expert presented news about trends in fashion and in the market that will be incorporated into the design. A fruit and vegetable theme and spongy materials are popular trends that will be used in the design. The group finalized which features they wanted to integrate into the design. They decided to make the remote shaped like a banana and spongy, to have the buttons lighted, to have a wheel sensor at the top of the device, and to use only a standard chip and battery that would not accomodate speech recognition. The Project Manager instructed the User Interface Designer and the Industrial Designer to construct the prototype, and announced that the prototype would be evaluated in the next meeting. "], ["And there isn't uh d it doesn't open up to the advanced functions? Okay things like um brightness, contrast, um maybe tuning the channels. I think we're gonna have to skip the rubber. Okay um and maybe a special colour for the buttons, so maybe four again. That's the buttons only refer to the pad so Should we take that off uh? The the look and the colour is something which is cool, but I think that there's also that factor of if it's too unfamiliar then um because when you put it on the shelf Yeah button shape might be a good idea to change, rather than rather than positioning, 'cause I think positioning is we're kinda engrained into the the telephone kind of pad. Yeah, so then you have a bit more freedom to You you still have your blue fingers. Oh, I did learn something new, Play-Doh is useful. I think we could probably do it here as long as we don't collaborate. Well this is the uh final detailed design meeting. Okay um so uh if you want to present your prototype go ahead. That's great and it's very bright as well. Okay so that's like an okay button, right. And what else do you do with the jog-dial? Contrast, brightness, yeah, and anything else? Just need to know so I can write it down. Okay and then buttons, we have what, two colours? Are we wanting them in no they're just is everything gonna be plastic? Now we're gonna something's gonna have to go. And so we've got point three to get rid of. Does that mean that one button has a special form or Yeah okay. So just to well to be thorough then, width-wise we're looking at about what three centimetres or something? So yeah ab well yeah about sixty nine, seventy percent yeah. I don't know what your instructions have been. Um well do you wanna um just individually say what you think about about these four points and or not those four points, my four points, sorry, forgotten that. You got a different uh Oh yeah, they're good aren't they, yeah. I don't know, just um your opinion on those four those four points really and how we used them. Well d do you feel though that that you were able to have quite a lot of creative input into the thing? But I don't I don't think it means the room as in this room. What about the digital pens, did you find them easy enough to use? Do you think the computers just provide distraction in a meeting? Um what else uh any wh I do I'm not really sure what they're looking for when they say new ideas found. Just a logo and then like Ninja Homer, right okay. Um Yeah like the stuff for I think it has to be, yeah. Just sit still I guess for a little while. Well we want the other buttons to be big enough to push easily with a finger so we reckon maybe that'll be about the same size as the palm of your hand. Um you can skip straight to a channel using these buttons. So I reckon we've got one button for this thing 'cause it's just one big sheet of rubber. That's um one piece of rubber but it's gonna have twelve button things underneath so Yeah w Um So I reckon Reckon that probably counts as a special form for the buttons. Um I agree with his point it's um it is quite a lot of fun t to go and then you have sort of hit the end then go right, gotta cut everything out 'cause we don't have enough money. Is these are these the colours that of production, or is this just what we had available? Maybe closer to three even or two and a half. Do you want me to d um Do you want me to do my um design evaluation last? Um, this is um I'll just go over your head if that's okay. Okay, so what this is is a set-up for us to um uh use a kind of a like a The idea is that I've set up I've reviewed all of the um the points of discussion from the beginning, and used that as a criteria of evaluation for the um uh for the current design uh th or the plan, and uh so we can review that. Uh I think it's gonna end up being sort of elementary because we're sort we're in n we're not gonna probably use it to change anything but Doesn't seem like it's going, does it? Okay, so um So to sort of b bring together two things, sort of design goals and also the market research that we had, uh when we rate this, one is v high in in succeeding or fitting to our original aim and seven is low, okay. Okay, and um design is simple to use, simple in features. Yeah, out of forty nine with with zero being the highest. We are at uh two, seven, eight, ten, fifteen point five. Sure, um so what is it you're asking of me now? Oh, oh right right, oh right okay room for creativ Oh right I just looked up and saw okay whiteboard, digital pens, the room. Yeah, well well I mean my sense on that is sort of what kind of guidance and direction, encouragement Yeah from and you as well I think, just sort of acting as team leader.", "The project manager recapped the decisions made in the previous meeting and two team members presented their prototype and discussed the features the prototype contained. The team then looked at the production costs of the remote and had to decide which features to retain or lose in order to maintain the target cost. In maintaining the target cost, the team had to lose a number of features which they originally wanted, such as a kinetic battery, an LCD display, and various color options. The team then evaluated the prototype on the basis of its appearance, technological innovation, and spongy quality. The prototype did fairly well in the evaluation. The team then conducted an evaluation of the project process. The team felt that their creativity was hindered by the project budget and their inability to discuss the project outside of their meetings and that the structure of the task did not foster teamwork. "], ["Um minutes from the last meeting which were essentially that we uh had decided on roles for each of you, however, um there are some changes that I've got from on high that um are a bit uh well w what I didn't actually realise it was that the uh this is for a specific television. So um, presentations, were you anybody got, raring to go? Don't know if the cable's gonna be long enough. If you if you can build space craft you'll have no problem with a remote control, yeah. Would it be possible to have the rechargeable idea? Kay, thank you very much, um I'll take that back. Um it's only for the television, which I'm presuming means it's for a specific television, and um instead of colours and sorta colour options, they want corporate colour and slogan somehow implemented in the new design. We'll use the the basic functions for a television. However that does sound a bit like the more complicated design that rav uh sorry Raj um said people didn't like. So like a kind of backwards remote from the telly. So I think if we're going to go well I mean like the thing about the there's the problem with the T_F_T_ or the L_C_D_ kind of thing is if you're also wanting the the kind of uh organic globby sort of feeling to it then you might have trouble incorporating the screen. Um Okay, well we can use we can still use the glow in the dark as a gimmick essentially, um if we're gonna have to if we're gonna have the logo on as well, bright yellow logo in our our um slogan. Um no, I mean that was going on ravs uh Raj's sort of um marketing research I guess. Um Uh So we'll stick with sort of programmability um for the buttons that we do have. Excellent, so we'll go with speech recognition, yeah? And also, integrating the, remember to integrate the logo and the s slogan. Project documents, yeah, it's on your desktop as well. Oh no, ethics, that's gonna cost us money. We put we put fashion into Whoops, it's not working. Okay, that felt a bit more like a something with order and and reason to it than the last one. Okay, and then what do I press, F_ eight? Okay, so um I'm the interface design designer, User Interface Designer sorry, uh I'm concerned with um w what effect the apparatus should have on the user and um I'm I'm also I want to point out that our motto, put the fashion in electronics, so obviously we as a company we want to make our products trendy and fashionable, it's a big concern of ours. So um I looked at existing designs and also um the information that Raj gave us was very useful about what people like, what people dislike. I haven't got my glasses on so I hope it's this one. Oh you need to twiddle the thingamibobsy thing. On the number of buttons, kind of functions and stuff. Yeah, 'cause what I thought, main Slogan, yeah. And yes that's wi uh this will definitely, this can definitely put uh uh enhance our sales. Because mostly it has been found that fifty percent of the users they use only ten percent of the buttons, so there is no point of having ninety percent buttons making the remote controls too bulky, too complicated too expensive a because I think I believe that technology is useful only if uh the consumers they want to use it. Otherwise there is no point of having all this type of things. Yeah, these are different age group persons like uh sorry, I can open it in another way. But yeah are lost and means they forget where they have kept the remote control last time. So we have to safety point of view also, we have to take care. Yeah it just I mean it has to be a certain kind of whistle too, right? Um a much easier thing is just any loud noise like clapping um, shouting, you know, uh and then, what would the response be? So, I figured, just put 'em all together. Well I guess more realistically then, we need a product that's got some kinda nifty outer casing, cheap plastic uh, you know, um that should be just like uh a tenth of the price maybe or less. Oh it's They're act there there was a remote control that came out two years ago that had a some basic speech recognition on it. You could programme it with your channels and then you say you know like uh B_B_C_ one and it goes to that channel. What you could do then would be you have uh a remote controlled by the T_V_ speaker, or not a remo I'm sorry, a microphone by the T_V_ speaker and a transmitter there that sends back to your remote, 'cause you can't um expect uh the the television manufacturers to to put that feature into their T_V_s. And uh you know it could be somewhere in the room y that you've no idea where it is and it would still do its job. And it'd it'd be a small vocabulary speech recognition system, like a Okay.", "The Marketing Expert presented requirements of users as found in a company market study. The study showed that users want a fancier-looking but uncomplicated remote control, and are interested in speech recognition. He presented the age groups polled and said that the target marketing group should be users aged fifteen to thirty-five. The User Interface Designer presented several competitors' remotes and discussed the features that would make their own device more user-friendly. The Industrial Designer gave a presentation on important internal components that would keep the project within its budget, and discussed possible materials and programmable features. The Project Manager gave several new requirements for the project to the group. The group discussed the features they would like to incorporate into the design in light of the new requirements and budget constraints. They decided to keep speech recognition as one of their components, and decided to include some programmable features, limit the number of button functions, and make the remote yellow and glow-in-the-dark, in an organic shape. The Program Manager said that he would ask to what extent the company motto had to be incorporated into the design. "], ["Okay, welcome everyone to our next meeting. And just as the last time we have forty minutes to accomplish that. Okay, well I'd say let's start with the first presentation. Yeah yeah you have a fancy design, then, right away. Yeah well I think we have we don't have to decide about that now how where we will put the buttons just the concepts. Well there's our five minutes uh warning. Everybody think they can can work for that? But still silver and black are well silver is new but also traditional, so uh Yeah w what about a yellow thing, I mean it could be ugly, but it's definitely fancy. Okay well that was what I had to say, uh, final thoughts from anyone, or? And so that it you say uh good morning, uh coffee maker, and it says t says to you back good morning Joe or what's your name. And then I have to go out of the presentation because I tried to make some kind of a a idea of how it should look like but I can't draw, so uh don't make too much of it. But uh and and uh a microph microphone for the speech uh recognition if we want to implement that. I don't know which shape you should should take, but. Perhaps you could find something in the middle. But that's easily to do with the colour, I think. Uh did you have something about uh So we should first decide about shape, I think. Yeah o yeah, if they think it's handy to use a pen. Yeah I think this uh this is a good size for the screen. but it should be th I think normal batteries, not not like two or two uh Yeah. I think I would put a plus and a min uh here. I Here is our here are uh I don't really know. Or at least Yeah I don't know if it's really the scroll, but the menu they like most, and I think you can never get through a menu great with a scroll uh But you have it's f uh we have five or four or something. So we have to keep talking English now?'Kay. The trends from the past years, what the people like, what the youngsters like, what the elderly people liked about shapes, colours, material and stuff. ' Th Elderly people like au colours which y are being seen in autumn like um woods um dark brown, red, deep reds and stuff. They liked square shapes with round edges. And hard materials like wood, um titanium. Yeah soft rubber which you can you can feel in it. No no no but but you have to like like like a a eraser or something. Yeah w I think that L_C_D_ screen should be like Yeah three quarter of the of the Yeah the buttons won't get that small when the L_C_D_ screen is Mm-hmm. But it won't get that small because you have how much? Nine ten eleven twelve thirteen fourteen fifteen buttons on the screen. Use a pen You you c you can lose the pen. But Yeah okay, but the p print plate of L_ L_C_D_ screen is more advanced than a normal print plate, so that that's not of any discussion, I think. So the shapes is something between the square shapes with round colo corners and a round shapes? No I don't think, I think it's more round than square. I think it's better to just up what you'd like to do on the screen. No, colours are clear, shape is clear, material is clear. And a standard, yeah we don't no we have different colour. I think we have silver, black and between those is like I dunno s five colours between them or something. Yeah yeah yeah it'll be a banana yellow, we have. Uh well first of all I've uh d subtracted some of the components that is that are used uh are w w um you know from what uh the remote control's formed. I think it's uh it's best to draw oh green. So it also looks nice when it's on your table. I think they are rather boring for um for use with rubber. Okay they should be m sh they should be in mind, wasn't it? Yeah, s round corners, but s but square, yeah. Will recognise that's as a remote control. But if you wanna make it in international, Japanese uh people got uh rather small hands and we got these large Zoom opt Ah yeah of course, yeah. Well uh chip on print, I think what they mean uh with the regular rubber buttons that you got, uh it's always clear for the remote control when you press uh a certain button. So, so you got uh Did you write that down? If you make the screen vertical it doesn't matter. Yeah it does it doesn't really matter, but Uh. Not even necessary, because a lotta you can make a very sensitive microphone, so it makes it possible to uh just put it arou uh underneath it or on the on the bottom of the uh remote. You see a lot of t uh silver televisions. But if you use uh silver, uh rubber s silver rubber isn't fancy.", "After the project manager opened the meeting, the industrial designer discussed his preference for making a remote which is single-curved, made of rubber, contains an LCD, has a docking station to recharge the batteries, and uses a simple chip. The user interface designer discussed how speech recognition could be useful to users who often lose their remotes, the layout of the interface, and the option to include a scroll device on the side of the remote to access a menu containing extra features. The marketing expert discussed the results of trend-watching reports and his preference for a banana-like remote for younger people and a traditional remote for older people. The trend-watching reports indicated that products should be fancy, innovative, easy to use, in fruity colors, in soft and spongy materials, and in hard materials in autumn colors with square shapes with round edges if appealing to elderly people. The team discussed case shapes, color options, types of rubber, and dimensions. The team then made decisions regarding energy sources, components, and the remote interface. "], ["P Well the only problem I can think of with that is if you've got a lot of people that don't wanna be bothered learning how to use new rem remote controls. They're not used often but they are quite important when they're used. Oh, you have to hit like function and F_ something. Um and you need a user interface, which controls the chip and thus the messages and uh the user interface is that's basically just you kn the s sorta design of the actual remote which you hold in your hands and what buttons will be on it. Um also send signals to the um infrared bulb, which will be the part that actually what? 'Cause I only remember to charge my cell phone uh when battery dies. Yeah, when it turns itself off, that's when I plug it in, yeah. Um everything kinda from functionality and how individual functions are how mu how how often they're used and how much their necessary and stuff. And general opinions about current current remotes. Uh along with um looking less ugly, if it looks better, eighty percent of people said they'd spend more money on it. And uh yeah, uh I think the big issue is fifty percent users only use ten percent of the buttons, 'cause uh wh if we got a remote that like well we'll have some buttons taken off by the lack of teletext, but uh oh and we're going to see uh on the uh that some of the functions like audio settings aren't h hardly ever used and used very aren't considered relevant by the user. Uh um yeah and uh frustrations of like people losing remote control. And uh repetitive strain injury, I suppose we should make it more comfortable and make ma possibly even use have to make it, yeah, fewer buttons, like I was saying about the whole mice the mouse idea of it feels more comfortable. It also asked um if we would if people would pay more for speech recognition and younger people say they would. And uh it would cut out the R_S_I_ as well if you Yeah, um oh yeah, so possibly the speech recognition is possibly something could add into the design. You could just put it down once on top your T_V_ and never have to Yeah. We could make things much more f I think the the eighty percent of people would spend more on uh a remote uh that looks better, combined with uh decrease the or take out the limited functio functions that we don't really use much. It could be oh uh I was just gonna say uh maybe like the flip phones that they use? Um and then there are two different kinds that I found. There's a user centred one and an engineering centred one which I will have pictures of and then we kinda have to decide which one this should be. Um and that people might want it as as in addition to their existing remote controls. Um the device has to incorporate the company logo and colours. Um but they also want it to be simple to get it to the market quickly, which um mm uh is is is their choice, but uh um we we need to talk that through. Um again I there is no order of precedence here um so I I I'll leave it up to you to who who who thinks they would like to go go first? Yeah, I must say that um the uh I c can't remember what um f you know phone service I was using the other day, but that had sorta speech recognition which worked uh remarkably well, so that is indeed a uh um a thought and it it cuts out uh I was was gonna say, you can't get a lot of R_S_I_, j just get jaw ache. If people really don't use those buttons to any extent at all um remove them altogether. Yes we That would 've speech recogn right. And and then just say, oh I don't know, a thought and and then uh I mean that that would certainly be uh truly different. Um 'cause uh you know audio settings, nought point eight percent. Vol volume, yes um th w we need to s identify things that people actually need and and it's a function of frequency and relevance. The I mean the the advantage of doing away the buttons altogether is it makes the thing cheaper. Um 'cause you know, it does not have to be a oblong box. Okay, who sorry, have you have you finished there Andy? I'm actually gonna use the Yes, rather than the uh the the traditional in fact, um I won't even go that far. Um given you know, the number of things you buy these days, which you know, have a a a lithium whatever battery in, that's uh, you know never needs replacing. Are are people really gonna use it though? Yeah, yeah, yeah, so uh um what so wh what what do we think about the um the the permanent mm battery? If, but I say if if people are getting R_S_I_ from it then uh then uh then then perhaps we're looking at the wrong market n Right. We're looking at a radically different shape. I think that's quite clear from the the information that we've been given, no?", "The project manager opens the meeting by going through notes from the last meeting, recapping the topics covered. He tells them some new project requirements given by management. The marketing expert presents, talking about user functionality requirements taken from research of 100 people. They discuss the possibility of making a remote that hides less frequently used buttons, one that uses voices recognition to eliminate buttons altogether, or one that combines the two functions. The interface specialist presents, showing examples of two different products- one that is user-centered and another that is engineering-centered and giving personal preference to the simpler one because it is easier to use and has fewer buttons. Next the industrial designer presents, explaining how a remote control works and giving personal preference to a remote which has a large energy source such as a rechargable battery or battery dock. The group discusses using a battery that will last 5-10 years or a solar combined with a battery. They briefly review their discussions and close the meeting. "], ["Now uh, I ask you to presentate the prototype. And the joystick is for the volume and the channels. So, it's uh two and three nine two and one third. We have the simple, regular and advanced. Oh no, but we then we get push-buttons from half a Euro. And you cannot use the red and green button. So, you can still operate uh all the things. R_R_'s the l the the the the company uh logo. I think technologically I'll give it an seven. Uh, it looks like a l uh uh b uh, a bit like a joystick. Uh, I don't think it's a very special colour. And what if we use only one sort of um Um just only plastic or only rubber? Make it uh for everybody to see what button it is. Do we Do we change the Do we change the the order? So now i I think you uh see it um its statement. Well, uh if we go to uh this fashion, I We still have caused uh a lot of uh buttons for the numbers. So uh, that's a pretty low rating, I think. One... We would have uh n For a remote control. If we would have uh uh normal buttons instead of uh the joystick. Yeah, I think you have to compare it to if you would have a normal um normal project without laptops uh and without these devices. I think um Well, the laptops if you have them out front of you, you sometimes looking at that instead of the presentation. And maybe is then um the task of the the project manager to also uh ask more to the people uh less talking.", "The industrial designer and user interface designer presented their prototype design, made of yellow rubber and hard plastic, with large, mostly blue buttons, a joystick and LCD screen. Led by the marketing expert, the group evaluated the prototype on a scale of one to seven, based on a set of evaluation criteria. The overall rating was two. The project manager calculated the production costs, which were too high at fifteen Euros. The group discussed how to make the design cheaper, and decided to keep the LCD screen, but to remove the special colour and replace the joystick with regular push-buttons. Finally the project manager led an evaluation of the project process before closing the meeting. Overall, the group were satisfied with the creativity, teamwork and available equipment, although the marketing expert thought the SMARTboard and laptops were sometimes distracting and not that helpful. "], ["So I hope you're ready for this uh functional design meeting. I have been told that we uh don't consider teletext, that it's out of date now because of internet. Maybe we can make uh different modes for each button and you can change mode zapping mode or uh current chan Yeah. To make it quite uh an universal uh device uh. So mm mm I think, okay, we're just on time. Uh I think automatic on off control uh it's not possible. Clap clap clap it's a good I I think it's universal. Mm-hmm, so let's to think s so that yeah. I got one question, uh you are a Market Expert so should we aim at the young people or not? We should only make a remote control, nothing more. But you know, we can use it for a T_V_ easily. It's a really good style, it going to be look like like this. When you go to the sofa, take your control and point it to the T_V_, the T_V_ turns on. You want to change tracks and you want to adjust volume. Just few actions, a few actions for everything. So as you know, you I think you already know me, Sammy Benjo. Yeah, so basically what we found was that uh there are several things that the user don't like in remote controls. Now people are very frustrated w with their remote controls and they for instance uh they don't even find it it's it's often lost somewhere in the in the in your home and nobody knows where it is. Like uh something to to like t I think phones. Uh of course phone you can always phone your phone but you can't phone your your remote control. they're not often used and they are s more or less relevant. But uh I think they are they are those uh who might be more interested in a in a new device. I would say the simplest one as long as there are the uh I find the buttons that I need every time I need a button. Oh so you have a sensing sensor machine that uh knows Tech Mm-hmm. So it gives instructions but uh it has to be with an back light somehow. Think of a all these young people who would love to say that this remote control only works for them, and ha ha you cannot use my remote control, because it's targeted to me. Yeah, it's electromagnetic waves or something kind of maybe uh effect. Yeah, because infrared uses some electromagnetic technology, and those waves have high Uh. But otherwise like we can put some display on numbers and then they can just press suppose two five they just press two and five and then Yeah. Then we will have the main control in the main device to do the particular action what we want. And then we'll have the infrared L_E_D_ source which sends the information to the main device. Yeah yeah, because the people don't use one particular brand so or at least we have more more than five brands, which are really good. So we need to have particular encryption codes. And then we can have channel they can say, okay I want eight, because we don't know like users have different programmes, I mean they don't really follow same channels strict uh so we just want channel number, we don't want like B_B_C_ or C_N_N_ or something else because it will be complicated so we'll have only these three uh main basic uh anyway volume is not really speech recognition problem, it's it it will be take care of our main mm. Um uh uh this point we didn't consider because it's it's very expensive because v our target is only like twelve point five Euros and Yeah, even automatic on off is also a bit problematic, because it different criteria for different people like so suppose people are really uh they just uh they don't touch the remote and mm y you don't know how much time you need to switch on or switch off and Yay yeah. Yeah, especially the power, it really consumes because it should be all the time on and Yeah.", "The project manager opened the meeting and stated the agenda to the team members. The marketing expert discussed the findings of a survey which indicated that current remotes are ugly, difficult to use, have a number of unused buttons, frustrate users when misplaced, and contribute to RSI. The marketing expert also stated that young users like speech recognition and that users in general want buttons for power, channel selection, volume control, and a few lesser used settings. The user interface designer presented existing remotes to exemplify the need for simpler designs, discussed the use of components such as titanium and a back-lit LCD screen, and discussed other features to consider such as color options. The industrial designer discussed the interior workings of a remote and how to handle universal capability and speech recognition. After the project manager's closing, the project manager recapped some decisions and the team discussed how to handle the issue of locating a remote when misplaced. "], ["But if you want to go to page seven hundred? I I const I constructed a a list of criteria based on the on the general user requirements. And we all four could range could evaluate the Okay let's let's evaluate if it's fancy or Seven but I would say seven. Actually I don't know what are the r the real specification of a of a universal remote contro Ah it's not an univer but it's for all kind of T_V_s? Sorry, I have them Of cour Of course the most difficult question for the end. So yeah upload the Yeah it's two different situations. Otherwise it's you know a child comes and so Yeah. It'll It'll be always at top somewhere at there. N most no most of the time it's not being used. No eight or eight or ten hours of working. And we are having the speakers regular chip for control. You want to have more functional buttons? So we are targeting a segment which is which is just very trendy kind of thing, they they don't care about the buttons any more. No that is a scroll wheel itself, it'll be put in that. The cost of the thing can be made more than might be. Yeah so uh following our decision to uh make a yellow well to make a banana remote okay so we actually have a We've well first first of all we made a an attractive base station uh with a banana leaf uh look and feel um and uh bana sit the banana sits in there k you know nicely weighted so that it's not gonna tip over and um this is the remote itself, it's kind of it's it's ergonomic, it fits in the hand uh rather well. We've got the two uh uh scroll wheels here which you know one on the the left for the uh volume and the one on the right for for the channel and uh underneath we have the uh the turbo button which is in like a nice uh trigger position for you know for pressing quite naturally. But normally with uh it will just uh s stay on each station briefly so you can see the the picture. I don't really know if the solar cells are actually necessary any more if you have a recharging base station. If I was gonna place them I'd put them on the on the top here since that's like uh the black bit but yeah I don't I really don't think it's necessary to have the solar cells anymore. Well it depends when you say functional, do you mean it does what we want it to do, or d does what it does, you know, can it make you coffee? Well all T_V_s but only T_ only T_V_s I guess. And it yeah this is gonna f you know handy to use. I'd give it I'd give it a I give it a four now. I think it it kind of you just lose information if you sum it, so. Well maybe dynamo is like you have to actually Yeah. Well, wait a second, no, it's it's double curved, it's got a c, it's uh Well d yeah it's monotonic but it's got but if you hold it if you hold it that way that's two curved, one on this side, one on that side, but they're opposite sides. Well we we'll come back we'll come back and see if we can fit it in. No we're not we don't need anything special for the buttons. Yeah well pl the base station is made out of m many units of plastic. No we have a product which none of us would buy. No it's people in in in Milan and uh in Paris that are gonna buy it. We needed some of these kind of young trendsetters to come in and play with the banana and you know see if they see if they like it. And also the use of a basis station for battery ch charging and uh also to um call the to call the mot mote remote control when it is lost. Well in fact b both will be could be useful, navigating through teletext. Uh for a remote control, does he have all the you could expect. W we have six, five Three So we are six, five, four Yeah. Well maybe we should we should uh have a look globally glob Yeah. We are going to go through so this is the number the mm number of components we need for this thing. Ah you have to ah okay I see so kinetic is really uh shaking the banana. S So don't we need a Oh there is no listing for r radio frequency thing. Exac Well in fact I I did not know I didn't know really what to say here. Yeah maybe we should go through, yeah an uh evaluation.", "The project manager goes through the minutes of the last meeting. They have the prototype presentation and talk about the final design, features, and power source, type of chip and weight of the remote. They go through the evaulations, using the a list of criteria made by the marketing expert. They rate each criteria on a scale of 0 (true) to 7 (false): how fancy it is, how handy it is, how functional, how cool it is, whether they would spend twenty five euro for it, and whether they would change their current remote for this one. Next they do a cost estimate for production. In doing this, they decide against solar cells and go with the rechargable batteries. They keep the regular chip, stick with plastic, put two scroll wheels and three push buttons, and make it a special shade of yellow. They eliminate the turbo button and give the remote a single curve because of budget restrictions. They briefly evaulate the project process and close the meeting. "], ["So we are here for the kickoff meeting of uh the process of designing a new remote control. So uh the design step will be divided in three uh main points. So I will now ask you which is very important for the design of a new remote control for to uh each of us to to draw uh your favourite animal on the white board. Of course your animal is recorded so it's not lost. I dunno it it looks more like a donkey in fact I would say. So Here the uh financial objective of our project. So maybe it should be for multiple devices. Maybe we can have uh something you whistle and uh the remote control uh beep. Okay so try to find that for next meeting. So so I will ask the Industrial Designer to find out more about this industrial design so any working any working function we have discussed. So then I will ask the User Interf Interface Designer to to think about the point we discussed like the number of buttons, the the fact that is lighted or not, things like that, and what would be convenient for the user. I have another meeting so if you could uh Yeah. So i it's just going to add t to the cost. I think If we don't have so many buttons could be nice. And I I think we should have something, most of the time I I lose my remote control.", "The Project Manager introduced the project to the group and gave a timeline for the project. The group trained themselves to use the meeting room tools by drawing on the whiteboard. The Project Manager presented the project budget and the projected price point and profit goals. The group discussed several of their initial ideas for the features of the product. They discussed making the remote able to control multiple devices, protection from water or from dropping the remote, and a locator function. The Project Manager then instructed the User Interface Designer to research users' requirements, and instructed the Industrial and User Interface Designers to research the functions and usability features that were discussed in the meeting. "], ["Uh as you all know we're here to create a brand new fantastic remote. Uh I'm Nick Debusk, I'm the Project Manager. Um so we are putting together a new remote control. Um of course we're a not only a electronics company but a fashion um conscious electronics company, so we want it to be trendy um and we want it to be easy to use. So we want it to be um a T_V_ remote or I I mean do we want it to to do other things besides just be a a television remote? ' Do we want so they're kinda like long and rectangular. You know, we want something new that's gonna stand out. A m a modern so our remote should be 'Kay. Um so we want it to be modern, fun, sturdy, um So our form and our function. Um What else it what else do we want it to to do? Course that'll then remove some of our our ball. We just have a ball Okay, so then we forget the ball. In the function design phase I will be talking about user requirement specification, and this means what needs and desires are to be fulfilled, and I'll be doing research to figure this out. And then finally in the um detailed design phase I will be doing product evaluation and so I will be collecting the requirements and ranking all the requirements to see how we did. But maybe I mean that would be kinda big and bulky. Um in the concept design, the user interface, how the user reacts with the the product. Well uh s function of remote control is just just you know, change channels is its main function. Um one thing I thought of with the remote control is you always lose 'em. My original idea was just simply sort of a sphere, where maybe you this is where it's connected together, and then when you open it out, it could fol it could be maybe flip, like a flip phone, and then when you fold it out the middle Maybe a hinge that'll have to be the strongest part of it. Just something maybe if you ha if it had like if some kind of like light or something or lights around it. Put it Even if you designed it in some in a way that you know, isn't a rectangle, but still pointed in a direction that had definite points. Um I suppose we'll work pretty much together on that one. What are we gonna build that thing out of? From stabil stability point of view uh it certainly is, but also you have to face it and take into account the more of these things break by accident, uh the more we sell. 'Cause you also have to know which way around to point this thing. Otherwise the design of or the the point of putting two sensors on both sides um would probably work.", "The project manager opened the meeting and had the team members introduce themselves and describe their roles in the upcoming project. The project manager then described the upcoming project. The team then discussed their experiences with remote controls. They also discussed the project budget and which features they would like to see in the remote control they are to create. The team discussed universal usage, how to find remotes when misplaced, shapes and colors, ball shaped remotes, marketing strategies, keyboards on remotes, and remote sizes. "], ["So um basically going with our trend of vegetables and we selected the colour and approximate shape of banana. I guess we'll give it maximum points in everything. One more thing is that i It might be a little clumsy when when it opens up, right, so it opens on the side. Yeah, but we which makes it kind of really big, yeah. Yeah, unless you are a all the time sitting. Okay, twenty eight, thirty eight, fo forty six. No it says what what is the kind of interface, if it is pushbutton then you got a zero point five, it's a scroll wheel so we we've put it's pushbutton and scroll wheel and L_C_D_ display, so that's that's the three kind of interfaces that we have. A also i in the case I'm not sure that you will evaluate this as a curved surface, because it's just rubber, so it's probably a flat surface rubber. Although we could have made the R_s better had we had five more minute. Was there a questionnaire already sent?Okay. And it's with the the black and yellow you're even in the right colours. Fifty one, one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight. And we'll see if we can unscrew this first. Um I started filling it in, but of course these are provisional, so we have to go down. We also said the sample sensor and sample speaker. Um single-curved surface, so that we can fold it. Yeah, let's leave it as zero, 'cause it's easy. 'Cause we we won't have run out of our pot of Play-Doh. And presumably you don't you can say nasty things as well. Can you put that in the project documents file? I don't know if it's already sent or not. Um it could be made a bit smaller, and and of course it would be and yeah, but um one thing we actually kind of um forgot while designing, that one side was supposed to be rounder, so we said the back side round, yeah. And and we would also have a l little um thing saying here, previous and ne prevon prevon next. So it won't be a problem, it will be and it will be it won't be heavy. But at the same time they are all they are all relatively new. We have pushbuttons, scro we have scroll wheel as well. But it was very no innovative innovativeness. But I mean we can put an additional mute button on the top as well. Well we're going to have a beeping thing. But yeah, it's it's not like sample speaker, but it will just beep, so we still have the locate. I was I was satisfied with with the leadership, yeah. And my main difficulty was the the time pressure. Is it to scale, or do you think you can make it a bit smaller? Yeah, but it's a scroll and click, isn't it? So what we're gonna do is prefer prepare the evaluation of the new design. But if you can imagine that they say A_, B_, C_, and D_, then that would be really good. Could oh no, you can't whilst that's up there. Okay um uh what I've done on the next page is I've set it up so we just put the marks in. I th I think it's not it's not like it's a pen. So maybe we need to put that needs a little bit of investigation, maybe give it a five, I would say? Well, that's it, I mean Yeah, but I mean everything has been used in space before it gets to anyone else really, hasn't it? Yeah, you might end up having to take off the sample sensor.. No. Yeah, the sample sensor will have to go, 'cause that's the most expensive thing on there. Yeah, I mean that wouldn't actually cost any more. I mean the scroll wheel's pretty cool, but Yeah. I think you should make it more vegetable-like. The thing flew in, you didn't have the whole whooshing thing, 'cause there wasn't time for that, so yeah. Not that you can do that on the board, either. We could make some little Yeah, totally, I mean that was fairly tight anyway, I mean especially with that last-minute alteration. You weren't like a a dictating leader, so that was always good. That vibrates Yeah, but that would just come up with like other things really wouldn't it. Yeah, yeah, sometimes it's like a little bit rushed.", "The project manager opens this detailed design meeting by going over the agenda. The designers present the prototype, which they decided to make the color and shape of a banana. They demonstrate the remote components, showing how it flips open on the side and features a LCD and scroll inside. The marketing expert gives the product evaluation, which is based on the criteria of attractiveness, whether it matches operation behavior of the user, locatability, intuitiveness, ergonomic design, and how technologically innovative it is. They rate the product using a 7 point scale and come up with an average score of 6.5. The group goes on to calculate the production cost and finds they are over the budget. They have discussion and decide to eliminate the sample speaker locator and the scroll wheel inside. The team discusses the project process- saying that they had to cut out some creativity in order to meet the budget because they had not known the cost of features beforehand. They were satisfied with the leadership but felt rushed for time. They finish the meeting 5 minutes early and the project manager tells them what is left to complete. "], ["Maybe you should try to write on the on the big white uh Does it? These are very impor These are very important documents, of course, uh these drawings, uh And he deliberately draws a animal we don't know the English word for. It looks like an uh It looks like that beast from Sesame Street. Yeah so the long box uh shaped thing must be uh, yeah, useful or else uh they would have been ano another shape. It it has round forms but it in the end it's still the box, so that's what I mean. Yeah of course uh to uh to uh to have icons to explain the different functions. I think we have to talk also about uh the the materials for um. It's a a common stan standard way infrared beams an infrared beam I think. It it's a we we make an a universal remote so it ha has to work with uh all kinds of brands and things. It's the the the start uh starting page uh Very handy to know. I think it's im it's important to uh look at uh the remote controls of our competitors. Get the good points uh try to merge them into one universal remote control. Yeah but We need to to keep it consistent with other d uh Yeah but it's it has to be useable. Yeah but if you shape it If No that's ol old fashioned. Yeah it should be Right maybe something like this or and then a button here to switch between different systems like D_V_D_ player and so you can I've Yeah right, and I do think we have to keep this kind of idea with the with the numbers and Right. But I think it's uh it's important to uh notate all the the decisions that we make, so we Yeah. It's Yeah yeah yeah just if you start up your Internet Explorer Yeah. I also think we should not add too many buttons. Modern day uh remotes have too much buttons I think. So this the opening we'll uh We have to uh design a new television remote control. You have heard that uh already I think, so. And uh Well it has to be a have the the right uh the right buttons on the right place, that kin those kind of things. So if uh we draw we have to save everything. It's a bit uh childish you have to write. It doesn't draw uh circles uh that easy uh. Just a wa that's the way we do it's quite easy. Well well um Yeah save it and start a new blank document. Our profit aim is, worldwide, fifty million Euros. Now then we all uh we can uh sit down and discuss uh what do we think about our current remote controls, first about design uh about uh aim in the market etcetera? I'll make uh notes and then uh maybe uh well I'll put it in the project uh folder when I'm done uh just now. Well for me personally I have a a lot of remotes uh at home but those ones that have a a round ending and uh well uh just an uh square uh middle I don't like to use them. So um This is about uh what we are going to uh do uh. So it has to be made in the buttons I think. Well our user interface you can uh maybe uh I don't know what your specific instructions will be, but uh probably about uh the precision of the buttons and and those kind of things and what buttons will have to be on the uh remote.", "After introducing the remote control objective, the project manager demonstrated the SmartBoard technology they would be using. They tested it by drawing animals. The project manager informed the group of the budget, before beginning the discussion of current remotes and initial ideas. They considered taking the best of their competitors designs and making a multifunction remote. It needs to be useable internationally, with few buttons. The considered options for the shape of the remote control, imagining how it would fit in the hand. The group ended the discussion by touching very briefly on some materials issues, and discussed remote covers. "], ["But people are often enough looking at the help, once they see the help button they say oh this is a complicated stuff. Uh we also have some prizes for the most creative solutions. And eighty percent of the people they are always l I mean they are willing to spend more money if the remote control would look fancy. And the current remote controls do not match well the operating behaviour of the user. So this were the findings which we found. So you can just see the percentage, fifty percent people they responded that they always lose their remotes and thirty four percent they say that it's quite difficult to learn if it's too complex. Uh yeah we have uh I mean that should be found out by the Industrial Designers. Yeah it's o only for a limited vocabulary, say eighty commands or so. Mm, the scroll button, from the survey we never see that people would like to have some scrolling button. Because they they just they're just frightened to use the scrollings or help button. Or it could be like this, as the people say, if they have a L_C_D_ on the remote not on the television. And the third problem was to find the remote control. So Yeah that's right, that's exactly what I mean by voice commander. Or it could be also something like this, uh it's always boring to change the batteries of the remotes control, so we have some one charger there and whenever we don't use the remote control we put it in the charger. Als might be you just forgot the channel name, you kno only know the number. Okay so uh the first thing uh I have done is to to made a review together with the uh manufactural uh department and have which components was uh available to build a remote control. So for energy sources we have we have to choose between the solar energy, hand dynamo and uh kinetic um well uh kinetic uh technique to to store the energy. We also um we also can put a regular battery in the in the remote control. But I d I don't know it's if it is feasible because I don't know if yet if if the user will move enough to provide the remote um all the necessary energy. So and uh that's uh that summarize well what I have said. It's yeah of course it's fancy trendy and so on but it's it's expensive to produce and it's not really Yeah. But But the uh the thing is is i is that we can add a functionality on the on the T_V_ screen like uh a a list of function and then you choose with the with the button to well you navigate and you Yeah. You don't have to to switch to a channel to another uh Yeah but Yeah but if you look at the L_C_D_ you you don't look at the T_V_ screen so i i it's not really worth to get to have the image if you don't look at, so. Yeah if there if there uh there is nuff not enough battery. So for my part I will check the prices the um the prices difference uh of what to use, where to use, and s uh and so on. And the battery, is it kind of a rechargeable or it doesn't matter? So you s this gives you the ways to input data and we have uh we are more we emphasise more on the graphical user interface here. So I can use the button, the mouse maybe. And you can call your remote controller if you don't know where it is. Big buttons are convenient, voice recognition helps, push buttons, scroll buttons, spinning wheels can be used as navigation tools. Remember we have a s budget for the cost of producing the remote controller. Uh maybe you can find out the price and tell us next time. Yeah because everything is programmed inside. This Uh this is what we have decided in the last meeting. I think it makes the the interface really Graphical user interface. We should include speech synthesis in this case, no? Maybe for kids, kids they like uh t no l they like to Yeah. Or Or maybe you have to to show some specific programmes for kids and then just just yeah just push uh kids button so it's automatically. It will be difficult to say just the name of the channel. either push, scroll, or spinning buttons; the group will ask about the capability of the recognizer.", "The Industrial Designer presented options for each component. He suggested kinetic energy, a titanium case, and rubber push buttons. The group will ask if the kinetic energy component can provide enough energy. The User Interface Designer introduced the graphical user interface to the group and suggested using an LCD screen. He presented several existing products and suggested the following: large buttons; voice recognition; either push, scroll, or spinning buttons; and incorporating some customizable components. The group discussed including a help button; it was decided that it would make the device seem more complicated. The Marketing Expert presented that users found remotes too easily lost, complicated, and ugly. He showed that users were willing to pay more for a fancy remote. He suggested the LCD screen; the group felt that it was better to utilize the user's television as a display screen, but that they would inquire about cost before deciding. The group will inquire about the cost of voice recognition and scroll buttons. The group discussed incorporating a locator function and customization for children. They discussed the sensitivity of the voice recognizer to other noises; the group will ask about the capability of the recognizer. "], ["'Cause this is single curve, this is curved on both sides. Like this, one curve on this side, one curve on that side. Yeah, these are new ideas, like glow-in-the-dark or something like that. These are new ideas we And new shapes, everything. So now is the final evaluation, final evaluation of the uh uh of our product. So of course this is will be a team work, w we together have to decide wha what rating we will give to this product and everything. Then trends, whether it is as fashion trends or not? So but also in terms of providing environmental safe products, uh yeah like uh keeping uh keeping in mind all the safety issues. So we will see whether this product meets all user requirements or not. Okay but I will I will personally won't give it beyond three. Yeah, yeah, we are taking everything, and that's I have taken it very wrongly. Yeah uh three four four two six seven seven sev Yeah one pe exactly. because it is one point eight uh two, so we will do two. So then I think, maybe I can give it two. Um Will you guys first with your prototype um before we get to the good news? So we have to rea Sorry, I've accidentally highlighted somehow Um. Um We cou Oh not quite, have the scroll-wheel, unfortunately. Well that's that's uh Okay, so project evaluation. Oh we've been writing this up for m months. No, I mea I think it means sort of individually. I don't know what this is but it's really really annoying. Oh yeah, well yeah, we had v some red left over. That's that's already got its stand that one. Uh yeah, that Well, we did think of that. Yeah, if it's standing up it's it's on there, but also we're gonna have the company name on the front, which is the little black kind of line in the middle. These are the s two scroll ones which we thought could be channel up and down and volume up and down. Um that's a speaker at the top, so you can speak into it like a little walkie-talkie as well for speak recognition. Maybe I mean obviously it would be bigger so there might be more space for the the slogan on the front, because it's not in an ideal place right now. It's this as well, sorry, we forgot to mention it'll be made out of kind of a rubbery latex, new material that we've got. No, I mean uh obviously your opinion, I'm just trying to Okay. Well um going on uh the specifications that we had, that fruit and vegetables are quite popular, and that people like something that is good to look at and not many buttons, I would give it um, well, because it's hard to make a fruit good to look at, that that looks cool, you know, so I would actually give it a three. It's to uh induce more television watching I suppose or Yeah.", "The User Interface Designer and the Industrial Designer presented their prototypes to the group. Two prototypes featured different fruit shapes, with one including speech recognition instead of a large number of buttons. It also featured scroll wheels for channel control. The other prototype was designed like a banana with children users in mind. The Project Manager announced to the group that with all of their desired features, the project would go over the alotted budget; after a reanalysis of the features of the prototype, the project came in under the budget instead. It was decided that another feature could possibly be added. The group evaluated their effectiveness as a team and felt that all members worked well together and could be creative, and that the project had very good leadership. The Marketing Expert led an evaluation of the prototype according to the initial project goals; the evaluation showed that most of the goals had been sufficiently satisfied in order to launch the product. "], ["So well it is important for him to be here uh. He he he You did work together didn't you? Yes and and and then you get feedback via the L_C_D_ yeah. But but the L_C_D_ screen I mean is a very uh well an eye-attracting feature which shouldn't be shouldn't be That th that's true. Well just do it quickly if if we al already. I mean did you have this this Excel sheet? So maybe we can start with this, uh, calling this one. Well you already feel that uh pretty much I think. But as it is now, I w would say mm, six, something. Because, when we choose for this one we have to we have to make it more attractive and w when we to d for this one we have to make it more cheap. given speech recognition I think w you should go for the less fancy chip. So, one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, t Yes. Transti Say say it's regular, regular chip, and we still on fifteen, so Yes but that maybe Well we can just say one. Otherwise y you ha you have a s ve very normal uh thing like this. Just Uh where, L_C_ Okay w we now we can just uh Yes. And you you are supposed to surf to browse to surf T_V_, maybe the web, and uh it's kind of interesting shape because um unconsciously people want to s to surf when they see this stuff. So people are used to that kind of shape, right. This is the orange button, the microphone. But the the main point we we talk about that with our uh manufacturer. Well I think th th yeah we should stick with uh a number of keys because if we add too much then it's too Locati. And the And the second one is really uh state of the art, uh in terms of innovation. Um, the other one is quite easy, tho though. Yeah, yeah because it's n uh it's not like a big one with uh one hundred buttons or so, This one would be uh for grandmothers. Wait a minute, it's not it's not double curved, it's single curved, right? When you look at this w, this u uh item, But You cannot make a phone to your boss saying twelve fifty is really really low, no? And uh we don't want to to change that right? We we really want a L_C_D_ other otherwise we w wouldn not get the market. And I dunno So wha what what each of us think about the because it's measure point the L_C_D_, um Do you think it's important? What do you think uh, L_C_D_ is a major feature, or? Actually yeah, we we we will not need the really uh expert designers um because the amount, yeah. Oh no no no, this is a single this this is a model with just the T_V_ one. Th this is a magic one but I know we don't want to talk about that, you know like uh i i i it is a very futuristic, it's like uh it's like a brain machine interface and all this stuff we are thinking about in the future, it can come. Well I will give it maybe we have anyways the way we have designed it's like the surf as you say you know. No you it it not protruding actually, it will go in better into that Uh it's fine I think. Oh no, this would I I would I would give this model to the old people actually. Uh yeah but but if you sell it in the market it's going to be cheap, actually. Yeah, it says a One point six, one point One point eight yeah. Maybe we ought to reconsider everything with this, yeah. Yeah, it migh It it'll need uh more than a conventional one, it won't be uh just maybe you might use a A_A_ battery actually. Yeah, we might need a scroll wheel, right, for that? Uh Or we could even replace them by buttons actually. A actually it depends, it depends what kind of functionalities you want to add into it, for example if you add two more functionalities then better you add two more buttons, or and you'll have L_C_D_ display which is that is going to bring the cost by two two Euros at least. I like the shape of them, I do like the the size and the the shape. We just wanna make sure that we've taken into account Yep. So f just go through onto the whiteboard I guess. Okay so look and feel, innovation Mm-hmm. Where um one is I've broken the pen again. Because we'll be able to see it still even if it wasn't working, it's just a normal whiteboard marker but it wouldn't be picked up on the the actual whiteboard. Yeah it's d it's definitely more fancier than that one. Are we including like a location kind of thing like trying to find it? So what is it, what are the innovations with this? Well, the spongy could be part of the the feel of the buttons as well, I know some have you tried the mobile phones that have got the kinda spongy buttons and not not exactly spongy but I'm thinking one of the Nokias that's got like you ca it hasn't got individual buttons it's got just a one bit on it and so you can that feels kinda spongy. So you got the option of having different colours or different textures. Yeah, it's gonna be more than just the biggest case, definitely. They're both going to be not basic cases. Kay we've only got five minutes left guys so we need to wrap it up pretty fast.", "As the meeting opens the project manager tells the group that they must stay within the budget of twelve Euro and fifty cents or will have to redesign. After Matthew arrives the designers begin presenting the two prototypes, beginning with the basic conventional one which is shaped like a surfboard and costs 7 or 8 Euros to produce. It contains an on-off button, volume switch, up/down channel function, 10 digits, and two extra buttons for teletext and an additional function. The next control is futuristic because feels like a mobile phone, has 6 keys, and is smooth. It also has a power button, channel up/down, slow pause/slow stop, LCD screen, toggle switch that changes it from audio to video, and microphone. It would cost 16 Euros to produce, which is out of the budget. The marketing expert gives the product evaluation and they rate them on look and feel, innovation, ease of use, appeal to the correct demographic, and adherence to the company motto and fashion trends. They discuss the energy source, shape, chip type, LCD and speech recognition, and additional buttons. After choosing features their remote costs 12 Euros to produce. They close the meeting by thanking one another. "], ["It kinda does make sense, doesn't it, because when we get into the end of meeting we're kind of talking about action and design as opposed to background. Does that make sense, tha that sort of strategy? Okay so that tells me that we have to find a way to be innovative without a adding just unnecessary um sort of functional bits to it. So how do you make innovation make something more more easy to use? Well that's I guess where we're gonna go with this. Um 'cause I think what we're in what we're in is partly sort of home decor, partly something like a computer, um so I think we might wanna be careful about how you know how quickly we create like a remote control in the shape of an apple or something, I think that would be pushing it. Um So these this is the summary of everything. Like um the ones the ones which I'm most fond of in terms of giving like a theme to it would be like um like lemon or something like that, you know something which is, like you see a lot in in other areas. I'm thinking maybe we could incorporate some of these features into a fairly um into something which is which seems to have something to it which is almost gimmicky because like um like something to do with like lighting within it. Okay, do we have a corporate colour scheme? Should we think about how we are actually getting this high-tech user friendly uh um theme like what is it that we're u we're using to to achieve those goals? Or maybe just fit it in like down the middle here. Something a bit more flush, yeah, or maybe have rubber incorporated into the case as well, so that it has and also t plastic I've seen can get really textured, so you can get plastics that actually feel soft in your hand. Um what I found from the research is that most the current controls are just basically big bricks with loads of buttons all over them. It's uh something the user then uh identify with. This is a red switch off, that's how it should be. They should be easy to press, very comfortable. Right and these are problems I've had with it. And we don't know how flexible the colour scheme is. Um you could have the same sort of texture and colour as a fruit. You turn it on your control possessed s. Um Nah. We did we say we were gonna try maybe incorporate it but we hadn't made a definite decision on that? Yeah that that was very good, and uh now with David. Okay right well um so thoughts about the actual shape of the thing. Um and I mean colour-wise what does everybody think? Um and also I mean how are we going to incorporate the slogan in? Okay right um what else do you need to talk about? Yeah if you are holding it in your hand you could you could do that, couldn't you? If you're holding it in your hand you could Do you think? Um I'm all for them actually, I think they're quite you know th very quick to m to use. Anything at all you think we haven't discussed that we need to? Okay I'm gonna have to I'm gonna have to call this to a close 'cause we're way over time. 'S to do now is to decide how to fulfil what your stuff is, so in that sense so it does kind of make sense, yeah. So just so you guys have some idea of what's involved in my process, um and then you can just work through it and we 'll either modify it or start from scratch um depending on what your needs are. Um I think, like what you guys said, um the most input that's needed is basically in the user interface. Um and the lower components, the power, the logic, the transmitter, and the infrared, um they affect you in terms of the size of your device, um and that would have some inte impact on how y I think more how you hold rather than um the actual use using the the remote control because um like we've said we've defined, like we only want the basic things that to be visible, and the rest of them we try to hide. These are the three things that um will have an impact on you. No um they're well in the sense that these are all the options available for you. Okay um then there's um how the case actually looks. It can actually be flat or it can be curved, um and then the different types of materials that you can use, um I don't think you can use them in a combination, um but um I could check back for you, but I don't think you can actually use them in a combination. They had some restrictions on using the rubber and the titanium. I think whatever it is you still need a battery 'cause I don't think anybody wants to keep doing one thing. So like what I said, you probably need like a battery and something else. Um the case okay with a rubber case you can't have the solar panels. So um mixing them may not be a good idea um yep. Um I think we could because the L_C_D_ panel requires power, and the L_C_D_ is a form of a light so that Are you thinking are you thinking of of a light in the sense of um a light light, or a light in the sense of it glows kind of you know Frankenstein, it's alive. Um that's why I think the option of the the kinetic thing which basically means as long as you shake it like a watch, like an automatic watch um it's probably sensitive enough when you fiddle it. Like does marketing have any research on does it need to be long? Putting in lights is cheap but putting in an L_C_D_ panel just to make it glow is a bit of a Mm-hmm. Where would you physically position the buttons? Or or there might be a light running through it like a mouse. Can you imagine you have to scroll a lot. Um it might work for volume, and maybe some of the brightness controls and stuff like that, but not for channels right. Um I think one thing would be the jog dial 'cause that's gonna have quite a big impact on the thing um Yeah that's what I was thinking the a slide, because then you you don't have to put the hand.", "The project manager recapped the decisions made in the previous meeting. The marketing expert discussed his findings from trend watching reports, stressing the need for a product that has a fancy look and feel, is technologically innovative, is easy to use, and incorporates some aspect of fruit and vegetables in its design. The interface specialist presented research on the appearance of current remotes, concluding that current remotes are generally unappealing in terms of look and usability. The interface specialist presented ideas on how to remedy the unappealing aspects of current remotes in the team's design and also how to incorporate the corporate color scheme into the design. The industrial designer presented options for materials, components, and batteries and discussed the restrictions involved in using certain materials. The team then discussed options for the shape and color scheme of the remote, as well as what components, batteries, and materials to use. "], ["I'll be your Project Manager for today, for this project. Everybody has uh a piece of individual work and a meeting afterwards, so we can share information about So I'm gonna keep this short, since we had a technical problem. I think the creative genius should go first. Do everything to Uh really small, but together they're really strong. Just I think it's very representative what we drew, I guess. Well I guess we have a little little time extra, but Just a little quick discussion to to open open our work. What are y What are your first ideas for the new product? What The project I got was just for a T_V_ remote control. Yeah, we want I suppose we want almost everyone to be using it. So I think I mean, really disabled people, yeah, might be a problem, but I think it's a little take it into consideration. You have anything you wanna share quickly? So we'll just meet back in here thirty minutes. Um I will be uh Pr Project the Marketing Expert. And it tries to do everything as fast as possible. Only one thing uh that has to be added according to me is uh the the material it is made of, it should be something light. This thing isn't doing what I'm What I want. Well, I was thinking about design remote control, with our uh motto and all. Uh thing to keep in mind is that we need to stick to what people are familiar with.", "The goal of the project is to design an original, trendy and user-friendly remote control for TV. The team comprises the project manager, the marketing expert, who is looking at user needs, the user interface designer, looking at usability, and the industrial designer, working on the engineering and materials. The project will be completed with three further meetings: the following meeting concerns the functional design. The project manager gave a quick overview of the equipment available. The remote  needs to be produced for 12.50 euros in order to be sold for double that amount. The whole team tried out the SMARTboard, by drawing their favourite animals. Afterwards, they discussed briefly their first ideas, including the use of light materials and usability concerns. "], ["Guess I should probably try to sit up straight. Yeah, that's the music I grew up listening to. And so there Something I miss about my hometown. I grew up in San Diego, but yeah um La Jolla, P_B_. Yeah, my grandparents lived on um thirty second. Close t uh do you know where Clare de Lune coffee shop is, and Cafe Forte Cool. Maybe our personal coach will have something to say about that. Are you sure I got it all head's kinda small. I guess it's gonna be hard to drink coffee. I'm Sarah, I went to Michigan, and I'm here doing cultural studies and I'm the Marketing Manager or something. And my family guy D_V_D_s but we don't need to write that one down. I've already got more than I can keep track of. And I don't know, like, there's such a problem with losing them, that adding this whole like P_D_A_ pen business is only one more thing to lose, so we're gonna have to be careful with what like Just something like keep in mind when we start actually dealing with this stuff but that would be really cool. Think I'm just gonna put down one uh one C_D_. For instance like a mobile phone or something like that. But I'm thinking I'm thinking kind of P_D_A_ uh design so touch screen design rather than button so that you can kind of flip around all sorts of different things. Yeah I kinda like this I'm kinda getting into it. So are you guys okay with that does that seem logical? So I guess that that we're totally we're making a remote control which is thrilling um uh but the idea is that we can make something based on the whole corporate model I dunno if you guys had time to check the in real life I dunno if you guys uh checked the um uh the corporate website. It's they're designed specifically to ignore. Um just literally just metropolitan San Diego, I live like five minutes from the zoo. So North Park actually if you want to get real specific. Especially when we're all from the same general region. Right so okay, success on the whiteboard. This is what the finance department has told me, the C_F_O_ but I don't know, I'm not sold on this, it's pretty dear, I mean twenty f that's like you know forty bucks for a remote. Let me bring up something about our basic goals here, what we want to accomplish. Um Cou could we not do something where like just a little lit like literally just a very small kind of thing that comes with the remote that you could place something else that you press and it makes the remote page. They serve um right they sa tha s they will sell things overseas so you can buy stuff in America and have it shipped over for like twenty thirty Pounds about.", "The Project Manager presented the project to the other participants by discussing the aim of creating a new, fashionable remote control device and defined the roles and tasks of each participant. The group introduced themselves to each other and trained themselves how to use the whiteboard tools. The Project Manager discussed the financial goals of the project, including the projected profit aim and price point for the device. The Project Manager gave each participant their assignments. The group then began a discussion of their initial ideas about the remote control and possible features. The Project Manager announced that he would make a report containing the discussion of the group's initial ideas about the device. "], ["So yeah, I've The only the only remote controls I've used usually come with the television, and they're fairly basic. Um well my first thoughts would be most remote controls are grey or black. Um, and as you say, we need to have some kind of gimmick, so um I thought maybe something like if you lose it and you can whistle, you know those things? Because we always lose our remote control. Kind of um, maybe more like a P_D_A_ kind of, just hand held, like, 'cause Yeah. So presumably that might be an idea to put into.", "The group discussed their initial ideas about the features that they wanted to integrate into the design. They discussed making a universal remote with a locator function. They also discussed the shape and the number of functions in the main interface. The Project Manager instructed the Marketing Expert to examine competitors' remotes, the User Interface Designer to research possible shapes and colors, and the Industrial Designer to research possible materials and the necessary internal components of the device. "], ["Oh, it's not liking us, it went that-a-way. Um we're the new group uh to create a new remote control for Real Reaction. Everybody's supposed to try out the whiteboard. Since you're handy as well, why don't you do yours next, Steph. Um and we're to make a profit of fifty million, that's t uh can you do the maths and how many are we selling? To give you a pretty good idea of where you're looking. Well I've seen some remote controls that are for more than one device at a time, but I also have heard about them not working well or not well co-ordinated and you wind up working with this one for thi this three and then this one over here for another. And user, that's you S Steph, for the technical functions design, and for marketing the user requirements specification. Um then I don't see any reason to prolong it and f we should finish this meeting at ni right now and go into other things. I think one in b bright colours would be good. I was just wondering if that's the um If fifty percent is normal B yeah. We could make a Hello Kitty themed remote. Well I mean there's also the cachet that um uh the Japanese make great products. Electrical their industrial design is very good.", "The project manager opened the meeting by stating the agenda and then introduced the upcoming project to the team members. The team members then participated in an exercise in which they each drew their favorite animal and discussed why they liked the particular animal. The project manager briefed the team on the production and selling costs of the remote they are to create. The project manager also briefed the team on the profit aim and discussed how many remotes must be sold in order to reach the profit aim of 50 million Euro. The team then discussed their experiences using remote controls and what features in terms of functionality and appearance to consider in making the remote. "], ["Alright, so I'm gonna describe the the concept of the user interface of this des device. Um other we've also got to remember that this is a device that serves as a useful purpose. Uh once we've chosen a a concept for it, we can then design the features around the concept, making sure that we get all the essential functions in the device and uh the extra functions and the more advanced features. And of course we also have to make it look cool. So I think that's that's a good a good kind of model that we could have. This is uh it's an interesting idea and I think i it looks pretty cool. Uh it's nice and colourful, it's nice and bright. So I I like I like this idea of just having buttons for the features that you use most often. So you'd need a few buttons to select your favourite channels. Um but these are these are all necessary functions. The alternative is to have a an on-screen display on your television that you control through your remote control. Uh a bit like a bit like how they have these um digital boxes where you you press the buttons and it comes up with your this thing of watch lo what's on each channel. But it's it's it's something to bear in mind is that if we put a display on the remote control the c uh communication is one way, so you can't have the televisions and information back to the remote control, at least I don't think you can. I Is it supposed to be shaped like a vegetable? So you hold it in one hand and you press you press the buttons with your thumb and And you find that works quite well? I think it could be difficult in practice, yeah. So instead of opening the box you just kind of peel it, and the remote control's inside. I mean it might be nice for changing the volume. Uh but I don't think it would really work. Yeah, yeah about yeah like yeah, a bit like radio presets. I don't know how much we agree with that. Personally, I don't really think that I want one that's gonna go out of style or go stale, excuse the pun, um in a year, so even though this is coming from us as, you know, trend watch, market research, I don't know how much of it we necessarily wanna take away. Instead of like a vertical up and down one. We're talking about long-life batteries here. Um so simple movements like pushing buttons would recharge the battery. I haven't received any specific visuals of this yet. Um I'm assuming that a kinetic battery isn't gonna take up that much weight, and that a tita titanium is very light, I know, um but other than that's really basic, I mean, that's all I have gotten so far. could we go in fruit and vegetable colours? Or maybe the buttons could be shaped like different fruits. It'd be harder to f bu uh buttons I think. Could Could we uh could we have changeable covers like for your mobile? In different fruit and vegetable colours, yeah. And you could co-ordinate with your house or whatever. Um yeah, I got a whole bunch of information on how circuit boards are produced. I wasn't really given any options, I was just given that this is how they're done. Uh yeah, everything I've N oh wha what I've what I've seen, just not related to this, but of latex cases before, is that there's uh like a hard plastic inside, and it's just covered with the latex. Not too thick a layer of latex, just enough to be grippable, like bike handles or or anything that you've seen like that. I don't think we need to worry about protecting the circuit board, I think that that's done for us. I say pushbuttons at least unless we get any information but I have no idea how much more expensive a scroll wheel is than than a pushbutton, but it's gotta be some more expensive, so I think it might be better to put our money into the stuff like the kinetic battery and the cool case because Yeah. Um it's our conceptual design meeting and it's starting at approximately fourteen twenty five and so we have forty minutes for this one again and so we'll go just after three o'clock. Um and so like favourite channels is is applicable, but I think th that you do need to have some kind of function where it's um you have t you can see the title of the show or possibly a description of it. Oops, it's not plugged in, quite in well enough. Okay, do we have any s some questions for this, let's see um. Um do you have any ideas how to possibly use these? So can you just explain what that is real quick? Okay um let's go to the ufe user interface then we'll come back to the chip I suppose. Well, we don't really know what the difference is, right? Um okay, interface, the type and the supplements. Um I assume that's what else we're gonna like h ha the um the additional buttons we can use.", "The project manager recapped the decisions made in the previous meeting. The industrial designer discussed possible materials to use in making the case for the remote, options for buttons, and options for batteries. The interface specialist presented two existing products which incorporate features the team is seeking to embed in their remote. The interface specialist also discussed other features to possibly incorporate into the design of the remote, such as an LCD screen. The marketing expert discussed recent findings from trend watching reports and how to incorporate these findings into the remote design with respect to what materials to use and the overall appearance of the product. The team then discussed other options for how they could incorporate a fruit and vegetable theme into the appearance of their product. The team then discussed other options for batteries, chips, buttons, and materials for the case, as well as the option to have a menu function. "], ["You have the same message of uh Windows cannot um sen oh stand-by. So that was my really my part for uh this session. Yeah, if you g if you go to radio or or yeah. And of course you don't always know where all buttons are, so it should be visible al um in dark too. The digits of uh the the painting on the buttons should not fade. And uh, yeah, infrared might be an issue. Uh well, he said about n abo what he said about pointing. But uh lots of devices already use infrared. So we'll probably have to implement that. We're not developing this product for a specific vendor, are we? Well, that's more So that's a big problem, I think. Okay, the waiting is for our Marketing Expert, Ruud. The market, we should have a look at the market. Um the first stage, the functional design um we are going to search for the user requirements, and we will um make a specific uh specification of that. Well in this case control t the the television I think. Um to um presentate, to show us uh a file you'll need to uh place it in your project documents folder, which is on your desktop, at least it should be. There are little um uh sensors, so do not grab it here, but a lit more a little bit more to the uh to the end. Um you can insert a new um slide or or white-board uh uh file um by either using the insert function or by clicking the next button or the blank button. Um Well I guess it's maybe because I'm not s uh pen selected. Um so now I d have a different line width and uh colour. Um to um oh well, I'm I wrote down the documents uh should be in the project documents folder if you want to uh discuss it with us. Um any questions well, just just let me know. Um we uh we will focus this internationally, so the product will be sold um, if there is market uh interest, uh in in more than one country. Um Sebastian told us a few things about the technical implemen uh implications. Okay Uh Okay, gentlemen, um uh just a reminder, we d we have five minutes left for this meeting um okay. Okay, Sebastian, did you have any other ideas? Yeah, yeah, okay, because because we wa we want to develop a trendy product. Okay, um I ha I have one point f um which which comes in mind now. Because it's very annoying if you need to change the batteries every s uh uh every other week. So um maybe we could um for example uh only light the buttons that are um uh applicable at that moment or yeah.", "The project manager opened the meeting and introduced the project, describing what the project would involve, the role of each participant and the agenda for the first meeting. He the demonstrated the equipment the group would be using, and the group practiced using the SMARTboard by drawing their favourite animals. The project manager then went over the project budget. The industrial designer gave a brief presentation about his role and his initial ideas for the project, suggesting that the remote should be used for multiple devices and that the group should consider using bluetooth rather than infrared. The project manager then asked the others about their initial ideas. The user interface designer agreed that the remote should control multiple devices. They also discussed having glow in the dark buttons, using bluetooth instead of infrared and using a display and/or a joystick instead of conventional buttons. However, they were unsure about what the budget would allow. The project manager suggested that the remote should be rechargeable or not use much power, but this might be difficult if using bluetooth. The project manager closed the meeting. "], ["It will be about the conceptual design uh. So I hope uh that your respective pr presentations uh will help us. Well so this is in the next slide certainly. So maybe you maybe you can display a banana on the L_C_D_. Yeah and you you you will not have pla enough a lot of place to put a L_C_D_ on a banana also. I think that No we can we can't use that. It's not re it you you think it's really fancy and fun? You think that young people that are Yeah. If you make something that looks like a banana it should have the colour of a banana. Okay, so mm so well done for the presentations. So I I propose that you go to the whiteboard and we're going to report all the ideas we had we had during this these presentations just to draw some sketch about what will be the prod final product and uh where Superman go banana and uh uh extra func functionalities such as wheels, um the speaker unit um well not in order not to lost the um the device, I do I don't remember you call it? Uh so um so we're going for a stylish banana shape. We I if it i if it has really the model shape of a bana you could the the starting is good but it could it should have more the shape of a banana if you want to point really a at the thing. So let's skip to uh this uh this this this idea. So we that means we need a button on th on the on the basis. Uh, yes, I had something similar but non-vegetarian. What you mean clothe No, I missed that one. Oh, they're okay so they're not like dressed as a carrot they just have like pictures of fruit on, okay. So, um but the thing is obviously there's still gonna be a cost if you decided to integrate that because you still have to pay for the c production of the components, so um it it but it basically means we c we can kind of consider this from uh you know uh a theoretical or usability kind of viewpoint without worrying too much about you know how to develop it because we have this already done. So Yeah, that would be some development work. Yeah, well, this is actu this could be a genetically engineered fruit that's designed to be you know square so that it packs tighter in the boxes. So, just one second, when you say double curve, what do you actually mean? Although, if It depends, if we like, if we are concentrating on like a fruit design, then maybe maybe we wanna sell a collection of fruit, you know, like a different fruit for each device. Well, you're the one who wanted to do fruit in the first place. So you know, so if you have like Okay, so So okay, so I guess we need, you know, something that can fit a banana shaped object. Yeah, so you have the thumb kind of here. Y I mean you need to kind of keep it um Yeah, how many of these did we wanna sell? Well I investigate the preference more d I investigate deeper the preference of the users. Uh so the the current investigation th uh th uh sorry the current the n current trends? So we shouldn't be at re really attached to to the trend but For instance, yeah. Yeah for for for given an an example yeah. Looks like a tr look likes a a tro a tropical fruit. But banana is not so handy, I think that's handier. So you you have to buy two things, the banana and the basis station. Actually I'm not reading microphone there, so that's why you can all have conversation, it just to speak to you. So this is going to be about the component design. So there should we should think of something like that and then it should be double curve. The s science for the ease of handling and there are some other issues why we need double curve. These are the three scroll buttons which are already available with us in the company and we we can go ahead with that. That will be the volume control I think which which a user shou it it should be already pre-defined. So these these were the component selection and these things. And uh these were the findings which I I saw with the web web, that user wants to have control more than one device wants to control more than one device from the same remote control, so our T_V_ remote can have little extra things to support additional devices like V_C_R_ D_V_D_ players which are usually attached with the T_V_, because users are like this and they don't want to have one remote control for everything, so with this additional little, we might be having slightly better market for us. So it's the basic thing but very trendy and very user-friendly. It's neither a banana nor a And uh going to the last slide. So that was very I thought it's a very good suggestion by everybody.", "The project manager opens the meeting, stating that it is about conceptual design. He restates the last meeting's descision that they will not do speech recognition technology but says they still have to decide whether to use an LCD screen. Then they move on to the three presentations. The marketing expert is first to present, and he talks about making a pleasant-looking device, particularly one that favors current trends. They then begin talking about using a fruit, vegetable, or natural object as the shape of the remote, the logo, or for the buttons. Eventually they decide to make the device the shape of a banana. Next, the user interface specialist presents. He annouces that the technology division of their company has developed an integrated programmeable sample speaker unit, which would allow a person to have a conversation with the remote control. They have the option of using that technology. He shows them his plan what the remote control could look like and the features it might have. He suggests putting two scroll wheels- one for changing the channel and another for the volume. He also included a turbo button for speed, which he thinks every design should have. Since they can only charge twenty-five euro they decide to eliminate the LCD screen idea. After that the interface specialist talks about having a base station for the purpose of finding the remote control when lost. The user could simply press a button on the base station and the remote control would start beeping. Lastly, the industrial designer presents, discussing the power source of the remote control. He suggests that they could have one of two kinds of power supplies- the usual batteries or rechargable ones if there is to be a base station and they could place solar cells on top for times when the lighting is good. He talks about using plastic with elasticity so that the remote would not break into pieces if it fell, which relates to their earlier discussion about giving it a spongy design. Plastic is also less costly than other options of wood or titanum. In addition, he talks about giving the control a double curve, curves on both the sides so that it is easy to hold and handle. They do not yet seem set about the idea of making it a banana shape, and one group member feels that the shape is not handy. The industrial desiger tells them they will use a regular chip rather than the advanced one since pricing is a factor. They agree on having base station with the remote. They go on to have discussion, with one member suggesting that they make the banana more stylized so that it looks less like a banana- for example, it could be silver. After that the project manager has them discuss/reiterate the decisions made during the meeting:  no LCD screen, the remote will have a base station, a RF for beeping, a button on the base station to press, possibly a stylish banana-shape for the control, 2 scroll wheels to control the volume and channels at the thumb level, a turbo button perhaps underneath the device, on/off button for the TV. "], ["So in last meeting we have discussed the conceptual design and we asked you to prepare a prototype for the for the remote control. Charger we don't have charger here either. What a what what about the sys speech recognition? Or maybe parents they can for forget where they put it or, so mayb better if you have all this in the same Yeah. And and we we we we we we don't want that. Yeah, so can you go out to the shared folder? And uh so we have and we we are both agreed on some two versions of the prototypes, because we were no not decided whether we wanted to have an L_C_D_ or not because it's too expensive. And detachable big buttons for all people um. This button is like the mouse is like a joystick, you can move in three hundred and sixty degrees of direction so you can make a turn and it the additi functions associated to all the actions you ma you have a click you have a double click all in a single button. Here I present another version without the L_C_D_. W w I'll I'll come to that point later on. I think we have to investigate more on that, but Yeah. So It's pretty flexible in the yeah price. So instead of choosing the channel you are choosing the T_V_ contents of the night. And also like the and the fancy designs yeah. But the the problem is that uh is it robust to mishandling? So so is the e evaluation depending on us or other users? As for the design maybe we c should hire a designer to help. I have another thing to say about the easy to use aspect. So in terms of easy to use I think it's very user customisable. What we can change is to propose the customers with skins. Is it an only a single mic or a microphone array? And the second thing is it should be much more technologically innovative. Okay and if we go to the next slide, here you can find these are the latest fashion updates, and so this in Paris and Milan they have detected this trends that the this year it's going to be an year of fruit and vegetable, so people are really interested to see if they have an remote in the shape of the fruit or a vegetable, or whatever they like. One is fancy look, second is innovative, and third is easy to use. So now you have with L_C_D_ and without L_C_D_, so on this scale, if it is true, if it is if it has a fancy look you could just tell me one, or if it is false, it doesn't it looks uh it doesn't look much fancy, then you could just tell me seven. Okay let us make this L_ and without L_C_D_. On on this scale the L_C_D_ remote control. Then uh there is no meaning in having it on the T_V_. Or we can just go back to the previous slide uh where we ha we have a few updates. I mean how to how to how to make a marketing survey that uh how many married couple or how many couples have a T_V_ or to the number or singles who have a television. So based on that I think But you can make it on a single P_C_ with three different options. I think you need to look into the material. Any new ideas to make these presentations more interactive and more interesting? Here we have the first one with the beautiful uh L_C_D_ um display. No it's just a single microphone, and you I I think uh we we put it here because I think when you when you are browsing your L_C_D_ you will be close to well it's better to to to place it here th than here, for instance. Well uh f battery, we use uh about uh Yeah. We can produce uh such remote control for about uh four dollars. Uh it's about it The without without the charger it's about uh well two dollars to produce uh the microphone and speech recognition systems. But it's just if you want all functionalities. Well it doesn't look much fancy I'll I'll say three or four. I think it's it's uh more easy to make f fancy things when it's not complicated so removing the L_C_D_ um gives us a li more liberty to to have a fancy look.", "The User Interface Designer and the Industrial Designer presented two prototypes, one with an LCD screen and one without. They demonstrated how to navigate through the menus and presented the voice recognition and energy source components and the charging stand. They discussed their modular design. They discussed the parental control module and the titanium casing. The production costs were below budget for the basic models. The Marketing Expert presented three important user requirements, and also the fruit and vegetable and spongy material trends in fashion. He then led an evaluation of the prototypes according to these requirements. The group did not feel that the remotes sufficiently met the criteria. They decided to continue working on the design and to take out the LCD screen and voice recognition. They discussed the modular design and its advantages in attracting customers. The group discussed how to incorporate the fashion trends; it was suggested that one shape was used, which could be customized with skins. The Project Manager led an evaluation of the group's experience on the project. The group was pleased with the teamwork and leadership, but one participant complained that not enough information was given about each meeting's agenda. "], ["Right w welcome to the the first meeting of uh Real Reaction's uh um development meetings for our our new television remote control. User-friendly as as we all know, remote controls can be uh uh very user-unfriendly so we want to make ours one that people can pick up and think oh yes that's it's obvious how that works, uh and they also want to look at the price and think oh yeah that's something that I may not need another remote control but uh it's such a nice one I'm gonna have one. And last but not least, or indeed first of all, it it must make the company money, and we make the company money by producing what the consumer wants. The uh the further work to be done is i the um the functional design, uh what it uh what it must actually do, the uh conceptual design, uh how we actually present that to the consumer and th the the detailed design i is uh how we get that into production. Or anybody else, strong feelings about remote controls? I mean th the thing that i immediately comes to mind is computer mouses which um I mean y you get all sorts of shapes in the shops and s you know some quite fancy ones um than the some from personal experience which look nice but aren't particularly comfortable. Um do we need it to uh I can't think of any re remote controls that I know of that actually light up at all. Um okay well first thoughts on um the the industrial design side. Uh Andrew, any thoughts about uh how we might market interchangeable fronts on on the remote control? So uh um we've got thirty minutes to start looking at the um at the design in more detail. Um probably a duck I just I li I like the way they look and they're just nice animals and I like how they can fly or swim or walk around or whatever. Something that looks looks doesn't look like remote control. Mm-hmm, um especially if we try to sell, what two million of them. Um, well we could either market it together by getting control in a set colour or with like you buy it with several uh like you ge you get the f uh the face-plates with it when you buy or as a separate thing, but uh maybe thinking of that, it's considering the nature of the device, maybe a second thing like a second campaign to market new facials for your to your might go a bit astray since it is the kind of thing where y you generally get one and then forget about it.", "The project manager opens the meeting by welcoming everybody and saying they will be developing a new television remote control. Then each group member states his/her name and role in the group. The project manager states that the remote needs to be original, trendy, and user-friendly. The further work will be on the functional, conceptual, and detailed design. Since they all know what a whiteboard is, they do a virtual drawing by each stating their favorite animal. The project manager tells them the project budget. They proceed to discuss problems with current remotes as well as preferable styles and looks, such as using face-plates so the look is changable. The project manager closes the meeting. "], ["I've done more PowerPoints in this particular experiment than I've ever done in my life before this experiment which is kind of fun. Um, what we need to discuss now is the finance of it, um I got me you've got you provided a number that actually sounds quite nice. Um so I guess that would mean we've got a bit of a um It's a s a speaker and a sensor at the same time isn't it? Push button interface um with this other drop-down so maybe we've got two push button interfaces don't we? 'Cause we can't remove the push buttons 'cause they're um and we can't get rid of the uh I mean removing the changing the case wouldn't be so much of a mm-mm, um, nor would changing the case materials. So yeah that looks like to be the only thing. What did you guys think about the the the roles? The first time I've ever done anything like yeah project project management. I think this is forty ish I I I mm we should go on a bit yeah about the project eval, um. I actually didn't do that at all though, every single one I a all the presentations I either added slides or edited 'em. Did they not have they didn't like uh mine yeah they didn't come like this? This is what that looked like, literally, just like that. Well the id okay the notion of yeah I mean i it's not like I have a concept of a mug's material, it's just it is what it is. 'Cause we di we had a thu think about it. Well to be fair we're we're hooked we're all hooked on the internet, so I mean I do the I know, imagine we went the first ten y fifteen years of our lives without the internet. I mean, you know, it just in the past five we've gone from twenty eight eight modems to broadband all the time. I thought it was David Burns, look into the eyeball. Um uh do you have anything else to add to that? Um it's encased in a new uh type of uh polymer yeah. Well we didn't quite have enough material uh. The voice recognition area actually doubles as uh as the solar cell area. I mean I think that uh if we're talking about it being one of our main selling features, being environmental and without the batteries and what not, although it does still have a battery so I'm not sure that you know what the sell is on that. I so I don't n I think there was a lot of room for creativity, we could do whatever basically what we wanted until the budget came down on us, um. Well I think that was I think that was an issue I kept finding with regard to well no but also yeah when I was reporting about what each of us was doing I was often confused as to what you were doing um and then I also felt like you know a lot of our discussion would centre around n specifically what my task was because that was kind of the interface portion which was what the whole project was about uh but and then in the end I think our jobs kind of melded together a little bit more, which was fine. I had to admit, as soon as w we started I mean as soon as we got the Play-Doh, th you know the whole concept of really trying to stick with reality went out the window. I hope you appreciate the uh incorporation of some tin foil from a uh random Kit-Kat bar that happened to be consumed. Do we have um other, for lack of a better word, skins? Although we don't wanna get rid of the whole environmental I mean obviously the solar cell is a big piece of the way we're marketing this as like a natural, new thing, but honestly if we cut that one piece out we're actually coming in under budget if I've done my math correctly. I think unfortunately that's our best option. Um so I was looking at basic design things, does it fulfil its functions as a remote? So I think overall we're headed in the right direction. It is now, you're in charge so there you go. I am disappointed I didn't get a note back from my personal coach. Well what kind of coaching is that really? And even then we did get a decent product turned out although it's not everything we wanted it to be. I mean maybe it's just me but I didn't actually get any information for the last presentation at all. I except for a couple moments where it just got out of hand and I knew we were all lying through our teeth, other than that I could only imagine. I didn't feel like getting up and down and dealing with all these wires, I was afraid I was gonna break something actually. Okay, well not entirely, but still, I doodled less than I usually do. It did it just say in an email that we need to discuss that? I think it would take extensive marketing, okay, an apple with a red button on top, even I am sceptical. An interesting day all in all I would say. Which I'm not sure is the same thing, at the time that just i made more sense, but I could see if they were really asking about us. And then, for the more advanced uh functions there is a slide out panel here um and you can see that there are lots of other things going on. Um, and of course as you can see and if you touch it it does have that nice squishy feel. I don't we kind of designed it to look little bit like a face. I It'd be so cool if we get a copy of the recording.", "The Project Manager opened the meeting by reviewing the decisions from the previous meeting (to use voice recognition instead of the touch screen, to hide the complicated features, and to start building the prototype). The User Interface Designer and the Industrial Designer then presented the prototype that featured voice recognition, interchangeable cases, visible light, and a soft casing material. The Project Manager presented what each component cost, which showed that the project was going over the alotted budget; the group decided to remove the solar panel. The Marketing Expert presented an evaluation of the prototype and showed that the prototype had met many of the initial goals. The group then evaluated the project process and discussed their effectiveness as a group. The Project Manager summarized the proceedings of the meeting which will go into a final report, along with comments made during the project evaluation. "], ["One of the the biggest issues I found about um from last meeting was the fact that we need to sell four million of these um remote controls and I think that this is an opportunity to really take Real Reaction in the direction of of similar of handheld tools that have been used and are used by many of us and to kind of bring the remote control into the si same realm as an accessible um useful electronic device, as opposed to something that is lost in the couch and what have you. Um fifty percent I think of all these uh numbers the most important is fifty percent of user say they only use ten percent of the buttons. And this is this is also supported by the market research. Definitely, 'cause I'm thinking in terms of um uh the loss and breakage of um remotes, how much of that is is to do with it not really having a uh a home, a um a nest, a place to live, exactly. I think we need uh a more streamlined volume with no extraneous functions. Uh not related to the internet one that you mentioned, because that'd be far outside our budget and what we want this to do. Could it be possible to have uh, you know, like a rechargeable internal battery, like, well, like an M_P_ three player does? But then again I d I don't know if this is within our price range or not. Sort of have its little dock that you could put it in. We're not gonna get any resolutions by the end of the day, are we? I I wouldn't know how to do it using a remote control, so um I would say that they are definitely less relevant. Sorry, what what actually are these is that the yellow and black? From their I'll just use it from their website. I you can if you like, it it that that just sets it up to do a p a p no that one, that one there. Left, left a bit, left a bit, that one, yep. But the the net result is that I've come up with a first cut for the working design that I'd like to discuss with you. Uh we obviously don't want wires on this thing. I'll do some research for the next meeting. So do you think we might make that a selling point if it was something that we found we could afford to develop? Could granny do this, or are we just not aiming at granny? One, two, three, four, yeah, we're ready. Um it's now quarter after twelve and we're given forty minutes um for this meeting. Um and after the meeting there'll be things to be done and as you can see it says we get to get lunch, um and then some more individual work and then putting minutes away and individual actions. Um but uh now for the minutes of the first meeting. Are they complete, did they discuss everything that we covered last time? ' That's where the user interface is really coming into its own. M yeah, that would be too heavy and it'd cost too much. Pretty much, so that we'd be looking for the younger end. We sell to the manufacturer as the remote that goes with it. What would be a more efficient way of doing it? Our functions, we've so far decided, I think, that power, channel, volume make it attractive. Um so are we agreed then of those things? And let's go back to agenda and hook me up. Um and each of us will get help from our coach. Are we agreed to get ourselves together and then have lunch? Well I think I went over the functions and wrote them down and marked them.", "The project manager opened the meeting and went over the minutes of the previous meeting. The marketing expert discussed user preferences in terms of remote controls and the increasing interest among younger consumers in speech recognition. The marketing expert also discussed a user target group for the remote and addressed the issue of whether the target group would result in sufficient sales of the remote. The user interface designer presented two existing remote controls on the market, which the team later evaluated, and discussed what features in terms of appearance and functionality the remote the team is creating should include. The industrial designer discussed the interior workings of a remote and addressed the issue of what happens when remotes no longer operate. The team also discussed options for energy sources, such as solar power and rechargeable internal batteries. Th team then discussed their user target group, marketing ideas such as selling the remote to television manufacturers, and what functions the remote would feature. "], ["I think we should forgo the whiteboard since we can't actually see what we're writing. I think they'll be phasing V_H_S_ out shortly. Because battery changing is usually Okay. Some but Yeah, I guess then it's If we need to do triple A_ we can, but most people usually have double A_s around. You don't really have to, I mean, if you like 'em Right. Um we're gonna start with our opening which was our introductions. Just the basic overview of the project and then we're going to do individual work, meet. That's pretty much the the whole process for today. Yeah, but you can appreciate the way they look. Expe our experiences with remote controls um, our first ideas about this new remote, anything that you can bring to the table for this project. Esp e especially if you buy a a not big product, D_V_D_ player, say, usually it doesn't work if it's not one of the Yeah. Well, w as long as we know that issue is Here we can Triple A. But it's okay, we don't have to decide about it now, just as long as we remember battery type and size is important. Okay, you're going to think about the working design. And you're gonna get more specific instructions emailed to you in just a little while.", "The Project Manager introduced the project to the group and gave an agenda for the project as a whole. She then introduced a tool training exercise to acquaint the group with the meeting-room tools and to help them get to know each other. The Project Manager then presented the project budget to the group and presented the projected profit aim, the production cost, and the price point of the device. The group then began a discussion about features of remote controls and their own  experiences with them. They discussed making the remote universally compatible and ergonomically-designed, and types of batteries to use. The Project Manager instructed the Industrial Designer to work on the internal working design of the device. The User Interface Designer was told to work on the technical function design, and the Marketing Expert was instructed to research the needs of users. "], ["Um here's the agenda for our last meeting. We're gonna have the integrated scroll scroll wheel. Right I think she's I think what Courtney's talking about is do we need to put two here? Okay and we're gonna button supplements the buttons are no uh okay. Did we have a lot of room for individual leadership, um teamwork, and the means, meaning the technology that we used to produce our little guy there, and if we found any new ideas. How did you guys enjoy making the model, the prototype? I have to knock that one down a couple notches. For something that looks cool and also has what I want it to b do technologically. I don't really know exactly what we should uh talk about. I mean like no, I think it's very fashionable. Well, that's that's just like that's a clay, it's a prototype. And there's no way you can represent it on here. Then yes, then I would well it isn't what else would it need for it to be technologically innovative? Oh, it's very capable of being squishy and fruity. Or three, because of one on each side and one on top. 'Cause I'd forgotten that that wasn't our decision, yeah. Oh, overall I mean I thought we did a good job like We got to choose basically we had control over minus it being just merely a T_V_ remote we got to choose what we wanted to do with it. And we're a fashion forward technology company. And then the last thing is just that it'll be black labelling on top, just which we didn't do. Well, that's why I don't like uh Macs or Apples, just 'cause I look at it, and I know it's probably a very good computer, but I look at it, and I'm taken back to elementary school, 'cause they look the same. So I'm hoping that when we get to production we can actually make them like that, because they're very nice to stock you know, stick your finger in. It wasn't we have no reflection of it on the prototype, but that's because it's only two dimensions, really. The slightly resembling a giant delicious cookie. We're really having just push-button interface. The use of the laptops for receiving everything. We can create a commercial where they think that all their needs will be met.", "The User Interface Designer and the Industrial Designer presented the prototype and displayed its gunmetal color, removable casing, buttons, logo, and ergonomic design. The Marketing Expert gave an evaluation of the prototype using the group's initial criteria for the remote. The group decided that enough of their initial ideas and criteria for the remote were satisfied to be able to continue with the project. The Project Manager analyzed the final production cost; the cost was lower than initially projected, at 11.2 Euros. The group decided to use one lithium battery instead of several triple A alkaline batteries. The Project Manager then led a discussion on the project process. The group felt that they worked well together and were pleased with the prototype. They complained, though, that they felt constrained by the management's directives, that they had difficulties using the meeting-room equipment, and that they did not have internet access during the project. All participants were instructed to fill out a final questionnaire. "], ["Okay, our agenda today um just check the time, it's twelve thirteen. I'm also putting 'em them in the shared folder. So First of all the functional design objectives. It's the um it looks like a Y_ kind of over there above Draw. Um 's move on to the next presentation um on effects. And neither of them were very pretty, you know? Now, those are that's all specific for speech recognition. I think it's a lot to do with battery, but that's just my Mm-hmm. Under sixty five, okay, that's a good start. And we want um we want large buttons for the essential things. Large, accessible buttons for the essentials. We want a possibility to um to get um a possibility to get the extra functions. Just 'cause it is an electronic device, the Charging. After that we have thirty minutes of individual work. Um you each have individual actions, I_ um I_D_ Industrial Design you've your components concept, User Interface, the user interface concept, market trend wa watching. Looks like there are um looks like there's a second one kind of of mine that's that I didn't do, it's from like an earlier project, I think so um Under the shared folder, I don't know it might not even be under yours as well. Um we should remember that remote controls are a a fairly standard piece of equipment. Um also in in designing the user interface we need to consider practicalities. The second is is economic, uh we need to find a balance between features and price. So I had a look on the on the web uh to see if I could find a few examples of existing television remote controls. Um as I said before, remote controls are subjective, different people want want different things. It it does everything that I need it to uh, as I said before, I'm quite lazy, I don't wanna walk across the room just to adjust my television. I think there's there's certainly a market for technology that looks cool. Uh that was just on the d on the company web site, yeah. Um yeah, it's like a I suppose it's kind of similar to a very very basic web browser. 'Cause that would affect the way that we market it. I I would say no, because it's gonna add too much to the price. So we're just gonna talk a little bit about the functional requirements that people specified when they were asked. Um also they did some questions on voice recognition and found that the desire for voice recognition was inversely related to age, so younger people were more inclined to want something with voice recognition, whereas the older people in the like sixty and above segment or so did not really think that they would pay more money for voice recognitions. It also mentioned something called R_S_I_ and I was hoping someone might be able to inform me as to what R_S_I_ is, because I don't know. People also zap like to change the channel, about um sixty five per cent during an hour of use. Yeah, that's a good one it'll stick with you. But what else are we gonna put, I mean not that I'm really gung-ho about it, I don't know what else you can put in a remote to make it technologically advanced though. If someone's looking to buy a new remote, don't they want like an upgrade? And if the whole idea is you're using a remote then why would you have voice, like you know what I mean and then it's like you wouldn't need a remote you'd just talk to your T_V_. I I think you just have to push it in really hard. Right, I really can't see what I'm doing, so does anyone have a Ah-ha, look at that, showing up already. So h the method as um working designers figure out what you need to make it fulfil this practical function, what what needs to be done and how do we convert all the elements to make that done. And then I think the easiest thing to do is gonna be work on each task separately. So the components that we find here are the energy source, you know the battery or whatever that's gonna m make it work, then the chip, which converts the data, the user that's controlling the chip, and the infra-red bulb that's gonna let us move the data to the receiver. I'm kind of pathetic with things like this. So that's pretty much it for the working design. If they might be overwhelmed with with remotes that have too many buttons and too much technology. Yeah, but I th I think regardless we're we're aiming for the under sixty five or something. It's really hard to figure out right now. Yeah, but I think that goes in with simplicity and ease of use really. I dunno, that might contribute to less people losing it too if it it stays in one place.", "The project manager opened the meeting and stated the agenda. The marketing expert discussed user preferences in terms of the appearance and use of remotes, finding that users wanted fancier looking remotes, disliked losing their remotes, wanted remotes with fewer buttons, frequently use the channel changing and volume buttons, and that younger users wanted speech recognition. The user interface designer described how a remote works and how to go about designing one. He presented two remotes currently on the market and the advantages and disadvantages to each design. The industrial designer described the interior workings of a remote. The project manager briefed the team on some new requirements and led them in a discussion about their target group, the option to include speech recognition, how to find a remote when lost, and batteries. "], ["Oh my god, it's better than what I'm gonna be able to do. And we're gonna keep the deep sea sort of theme going on, animal. And I'll try and draw my favourite animal. Um I'm not gonna draw it quite to scale um. I've used, I've used remote controls, for things like T_V_ and the C_D_ player and video recorder and I I guess they're they're pretty neat neat little tools uh. You don't have to get up and walk across the room to change a channel. So especially if you're someone really lazy like me they they're pretty nice. I find them they can be a bit annoying, especially, like you know if I'm watching T_V_ I have have to have three separate remote controls of in front of me, you know, one for the T_V_, one for the digital box, one for m the video recorder as well. So we should maybe we should assume that i t it's just a television that we're wanting to control. Right, so, I'm supposed to draw my favourite animal. Um I'm from the state of Maine in the US. No, you can erase the turtle, it's alright. Um, I think there is a way around that, but I know in my residence right now the the television you sort of have to walk all around the room to get it to turn on, so i it's just simpler just to just turn around the T_V_ itself, and I think that's if we're gonna make a remote control, it should actually work for what it's doing. Might be nice to have them all up there at same time. I'm Rose and I'm Project Manager, from California. Um user requirements um, so you'll be hearing about different trends, uh about different things that people need, um I guess kind of the same uh discussion that we've been having, we'll get from the actual consum s consumers. And you will get specific instructions sent by your personal coach. Um just including all the things that we talked about. And you're you're number two, three, four?", "The project manager opened the meeting and introduced herself to the team. The project manager introduced the upcoming project in which the team is to create a remote control. The team members participated in a tool training exercise in which they each drew their favorite animal on the white-board and discussed why they liked the animal. The project manager then talked about the project finances and discussed selling prices, profit aim, market range, and production costs. The project manager then led the team in a discussion on their experiences with remotes and what features they would like to include in the remote they are producing. The team members discussed the option of combining remotes and how to produce a remote which is capable of controlling multiple devices. "], ["Can we see the white-board on our laptops? But isn't it It's only for television, I thought. Not I thought it was only for television. Uh I I uh, no I think it Uh, I th I think yo we have to keep it simple, to get a whole market. I don't know why, but a cat is a very uh smart animal. He's crying but Uh it's i most cats are small. All th all the buttons which apply to the text functions in in one uh Well, one area or whatever, not like the button to enter text on top of the remote control and the button to um, yeah, to minimise it to this this or whatever o o other functions totally somewhere else. Hi-fi set is uh not often used uh as I know of in combination with television. But I was thinking since it is useful with D_V_D_ Yep. Okay, it consists of uh three levels of design. You all received an email with a example of our explanation of what uh the particular level of design uh means to the different uh functions, and uh you p you probably read that already, so I don't have to tell you about that. Is is if it's mainly a thing for in the meeting, so I don't think it's I don't know if it's important. Right, we're gonna try out the electronic white-boards. And our profit aim is fifteen million Euros. Yeah, but most television remote controls support other functions as well. Okay, uh but uh we've gonna put some a uh is is it so user-friendliness, is a is a pri priority in this case, or Okay. Well, this the maybe is uh some aspect of the uh, or or some point at at which we can excel by making it very useful. Or someth something special, like uh M_P_ three player inside of it, or uh Oh, well then the production costs are gonna be too high probably. When something is original, it tends to be trendy, probably, or we should make it combination of that. ' Well, and you uh should look out for what makes it trendy. And the Management Expert of uh the Marketing Expert. User requirements specifi Well, this one was already clear to us. I'm gonna make some minutes or take some minutes.", "The marketing expert and industrial designer had problems with their laptops. The project manager opened the meeting and introduced the project, to design a remote control. The remote should be trendy, original and user friendly. The project manager explained how to use the SMARTboard, and the group did a tool training exercise, using the SMARTboard to draw their favourite animals. The project manager talked about the budget and projected profit. The group discussed initial ideas for the remote, including that it should be a simple design with grouped buttons. They discussed whether the remote should include functions for controlling video and DVD players. The project manager went over the roles of the participants and closed the meeting. "], ["Well I'll uh start just with another presentation, so then we can uh look at th at the agenda uh for this meeting. Well um in we'll uh just have a look at the at the notes from the previous meeting, what we uh thought we had dec decided. Y you also have uh received that mail, the new project requirements from our bosses? Uh we familiarised ourself with the boards and then we discussed some first ideas. Um the design has to fit the hand, be original, but also be familiar. Yeah well that wa It's just thirty minutes ago, so it's not quite uh But well I have to do it. The materials uh well should be hard plastic with rubber from, and uh well the labelling of the buttons should be indestructible. It should be uh recognisable at all times. Maybe a new sort of thing, but n but not teletext. Because uh we don't have those customers a lot at th at this point. I didn't see anything about uh who had to start. Well uh You already uh opened uh PowerPoint. Well there sh should always be a menu, but it c can be very short. It's in the Well uh next um I dunno who is next. So it is also why we have to have a button that says uh I'm now busy with a D_V_D_ uh if we had done that. Well then we have still the time, so But we do have to come to a decision, right later on. Well I think it's you got It just means it's a script that's uh keeps it uh rolling, and it's not uh That's five minutes off uh implementing time I think uh Yeah. And they get less uh complaints of R_S_I_. Because I have someone But the buttons is way. Yeah well that's going to take too too much time. Um at first I tell you something about what people dislike about the current uh controls, because it's uh a smart thing to exclude those things. That's seventy five per cent of the current users. Yeah but if someone d somebody else uses it in ano other room or something? Uh thirty four thirty four per cent um thinks it's it's too uh too difficult to learn. So the the learning curve should be very short uh for the dumbest people should be able to use it. And it should be consistent with consistent with older remotes. So you can pick up and use it, than I think. Well that's about twenty per cent I thought. So it's very important we should definitely have that in our uh designs. Um I have a table here about uh the l the relevance of the buttons. Uh the power button is used very much, channel selection, volume and teletext. Make them big, make them easy to uh to press. Do people, uh when they pick up a remote, know that they have to do that? We can make a symbol of the company right here. The newest features are, like I said, are uh L_C_D_ and uh speech uh control. Which programme you are l watching or something. We should have a general idea of how it's gonna look. The the ticker The L_C_D_ is like like small. Um I think we have uh a few functions, and we can put uh the L_C_D_ above it, and still have lots of room at the bottom, where you can put your hand. Nei not too much, but Nei nei nei n I I totally agree. The most important things we have to uh I do think you have to keep you have to keep it central now. I do think we have to put that underneath a clip. Well, the working design, that's my uh Well alright uh, you know who I am and what I do. Uh well this is uh the basic uh function of a remote. And uh if we if we're going to add an uh an uh L_C_D_ screen to it, it uh won't look anything like this, but This is very basic uh basically the the shape of um of a remote control. They're uh far enough apart and an anything. Uh if you look at the shape, it's uh just a simple long box uh shape. I think that's a good idea, and uh and that the less important uh buttons, like the the the different channels, uh the numbers one two three four five as well, should be uh yeah well not in reach, because uh they don't use it uh all the time. And I have some pictures of the inside workings, but uh I don't want to get too technical, because uh that's not uh very uh useful for you. Shouldn't we start with the most important parts? And then uh Maybe we should uh centralise the discussion here. Uh yeah we should uh summon the the different uh aspects of the thing. Well uh yeah I I still think it's it's quite important though to uh to have it at the top, so Yeah. As we we we we agreed, we do have a L_C_D_. There's one two three four five six six seven eight nine zero. Ze yeah zero is a different channel than uh the the video channel. Yeah but nobody reads a manual about a remote control, I think. I think that's uh difficult to realise also. Um I like user-centr centred uh uh also the best. Uh so I thought we we we would use more or need more buttons than this one. Th that's why this mm is not relevant any more I feel. Um Well so uh uh like I said I thought we'd we'd use more function. I think this is about the maximum number of buttons we need. I think uh for the remote um uh less is more. Or maybe you will get that information uh Yeah. Uh well because most uh remotes have um some space left at the bottom, and that way you can keep the shape recognisable for everybody. Yeah, y you gotta zap like this or you want to Yeah. Yes, as I already said, we could drop some of these buttons. Yeah but people don't like it when their buttons are all over the place. I think go to video is an irrelevant button, but Yeah well y you must have. Yeah, lunch break.@highlightThere are some new requirements for the project:", "There are some new requirements for the project: the device will have to be for TV only, they should ignore the teletext function, as it is dated, and, also, the remote should be recognisable as a Real Reaction product. The target group will be people below 30. It transpires that customers are willing to pay more for fancier looking remotes, especially if they include LCD screens and speech recognition. Functions like zapping are very prevalent, as well as complaints about remotes being difficult to learn and easy to lose. The function of the remote is relatively simple: by pressing a button a current is passed to the chip, and defines what signal is to be sent to the receiver (the TV) via infrared. The team agreed to follow a user-centred approach and simplify the design by somehow minimising the number of buttons. They plan to include an LCD screen to display relevant information. Other functions are served by push buttons: OK, menu, screen sizing, AV, settings buttons, mute, digits 1-9, power, volume control, channel up/down with the last three types being prominent on the device. The exact design and placement of the components will be decided in the next meeting. "], ["So, my name's Cat and I'm really not very good at this whole drawing malarkey so um Okay. Um okay and I like it because it's small and it's fluffy. I am the um I need my notebook, mm ooh top banana. I think it needs four legs if it's gonna walk though. If you right click on it you can Yeah, I was looking at the website, and the other things that they've made and I like put down some like inspirational words like that I got from looking at the pictures. Yeah, so there's no need to have buttons on it to do that, maybe to do Yeah. Um yeah and I do like dogs because they are good friends to people and they are loyal. Um they're really much more fun because they are not so independent. Uh I hope to be loyal to the project and not to n not to um let people doing similar projects know the details of our project or something, yeah. I'm just wondering whether whether there is like any special feature that we want to have w want this remote control have as opposed to the already existing ones. So, this is uh first meeting of this design project. We're going the way we'll do that I think is to to work individually initially and then come together for meetings to to work on that. You don't have to hurry, we've got plenty of time. They're Yeah, they're l it's a kind of lizard. Um we're planning to sell the remote controls for twenty five Euros each. So this is what I like about cows that they just keeps sitting there eating grass, they do not disturb anybody um they're kind of Buddhist in a way. Um my my role in the project is um uh the industrial designer, so I'm supposed to design all the details of of the product um ho how it works and whatever it'll mm take during the functional role, what are the various functions that have to be performed by it uh during the um conceptual design, what are the various components of it and um finally, I'm not too sure what was the last part. Um the detailed design, I I guess it will again be the identification of the components and how they integrate with each other. There is a lot of functionality in there that is not used ninety percent of the time, but will be used ten percent of the time, yeah. Uh we can aim for I mean we can think about all these little things, but we can aim for something wi that gives a high battery life, although I don't think that um it's a huge problem for remote controls anyway, battery life, uh every now and then you need to replace the batteries.", "The project manager opens the meeting by going over the agenda. She explains the project, which is to create a new remote control for television that should be original, trendy, and user-friendly. The three components of completing the project will be functional, conceptual, and detailed design. They introduce themselves by going up to the white board and stating their name, role, drawing their favorite animal, and sharing their favorite characteristic about the animal. After they talk about their overall budget, they discuss what special features they want to include in this remote control that existing ones do not have. They discuss making a menu-based remote which would be less crowded with buttons and therefore stylish and sleek but functional. They end the meeting with the project manager going over the task each member is to complete before the next meeting. "], ["Alright um this is the beginning of the third meeting, the conceptual design meeting. Um but we did talk about possibly using rechargeable batteries and having a docking place as a selling point. Um and the new requirements that it for be for T_V_ only um and that it include the l so slogan and colour of the uh corporate design be included. Um at that point we agreed that Sarah would look at the current cost of competition, what what do the current ones sell for. Um and Steph was gonna look at ec ergonomics. And I was to type up these minutes and work on the final report. Is this a fair presentation of what our last meeting was? Some of them that have a higher brand recognition are on the more expensive end. But I think that with the current um price that we're searching for, we're well within, even on the lower end, of the uh of the market. But I'm going to move on to more interesting um more vibrant things. And I know that you all are a distance from cutting edge marketing research, so you know, I'm just gonna try to cloak it in really professional terms here. This is twice as important as the next finding, which is technologically innovative. you know, it would have like fruit and veg, is that we actually make these spongy. So I really open this up to uh any other feedback. They are and they they would fulfil the uh first um priority, which is fancy. So That, you know, that might be And then we could keep it titanium. Scratchy Uh well I was really thinking a lot about the I_ uh the iMac kind of gel gem tone. Um do you have any idea if if this could if the fancy model could be done in twelve Euros fifty? Because, you know what, I'm being quite serious when I say that that um the things I mentioned are hot. But I think the important thing might be to choose one. But yeah, I'm trying to streamline mine a little bit. Oh I think um Florence resolved it by F_ eight again. Do you think we could put it in a in a fruit colour? Yeah, but it's kind of pointless, isn't it? Shall we wait 'til I've 'til I've showed you what well, my extensive presentation on what sort of interfaces are available. I don't actually have a huge amount of different information then what Kate says, just that my method was to look at the, well, my my inspirations, which was a big collection of lots of different models of remote controls and other things that use a similar sort of thing, including M_P_ three players, uh like you know, hi-fi remotes, not just television and these things. Uh I've been especially interested in the iPod style scroll wheel, which Well, I couldn't find a the picture of the iPod w only linked to a web browser, so I couldn't copy and paste it, but it had a similar thing to this thing on the right. And when you've got a screen sitting there in front of you, you might as well have it appearing uh on the screen in front of you, it doesn't obscure much of the actual picture you're watching. Whereas a plastic's so cheap and easy and mouldable and everything else. I don't think that's to taxing to uh s engineer. But as for actually arranging them let me go back to the to the picture of the kiddie one. Really we'd have to use something to show you, but If I don't think I can get it up on the screen. Well, the iPod spinning wheel is uh really complicated. I'm glad to see the marketing budget is being so well spent on. W w would it be helpful if um I described the components a bit, because I think it would give you um maybe bring this discussion back to Earth of what we can actually physically do. Um oh yeah, can you see my little mouse pointer? This is this is the a a a remote that's been opened up and that's the the back of the interface. Um and we that's the basic construction that we've got to got to accommodate. So first of all um I wanna talk about what possibilities we've got for the energy source. Um well push button, that's that's the one we're all familiar with. Yeah, I'd I'd certainly support that idea. And the the having the the the screen on the television screen I think is a good idea, 'cause um otherwise we're we're putting up the price not only for putting building the L_C_D_ in, but for the electronics as well. Do you want scroll buttons in that as well? We we could actually do it in rubber instead of plastic if you'd rather if you feel if you like the spongy Hmm. Oh unfortunately I don't have costing information. True, yeah, m more more environmentally friendly.", "The project manager opened the meeting and went over the minutes of the previous meeting. The marketing expert presented findings from trend watching reports and discussed her personal preferences in how to incorporate the results of the trend watching reports into the appearance of the remote. The trend watching reports indicated that products need to reflect a fruit and vegetable theme, sponginess, fanciness, and technological innovation. The team then discussed their target group and whether to use titanium or a spongy material in their design. The industrial designer discussed options for energy sources, materials, case shapes, and interface components such as buttons and LCD screens. The user interface designer examined the interfaces of existing products and discussed using menus within an interface using push buttons which operate like a scroll wheel. The team then discussed and made decisions on what energy sources, chips, case materials, and buttons to use. "], ["No I'm user interf I'm user interface design. I I hope so I_D_ is for the Industrial Design, yeah? I am the Industrial Design, yeah I am the Industrial Designer so. So I I think the user the user interface design is he will design how the user will you know the relation between the user and you know the remote control so And the uh industrial design, it is how the object will look like. Oh Everybody I think everybody should do it, so. Mm Yeah, it's it's a se it's my priority this one. Our project project is to create um a new remote control and as you may know there's lot of industrials interesting in creating a remote control, so the remote control has to be original, trendy and um user-friendly. So, as you will discuss about the remote control you will have to experience your um with the remote control. So you all know what the parts of the work you have to do. And when designing y the remote control just remember that uh it has to be a kind of international product. You know, you have Qwerty, Azerty, French and U_K_ keyboard, so really the remote control to be international.", "The project manager introduced the upcoming project to the team members and discussed the roles of each member and the selling price for the remote they will produce. Then the team participated in an exercise in which they all drew animals. "], ["It's the detail design meeting, so we're going last meeting. That's for the L_C_D_ or for the titanium? Let me understand well, because I'm not sure that's for that this one are b d uh two dir directional button. And what about the strawberries on the top? Wow, that's a Yea Yeah, it's fudge titanium. Oh see, I I think that the the price is this one. It's maximum and don't have to Yeah, yeah. And then we are just going to have an average, which will give us the value of our uh remote control. So but, for instance, because the L_C_D_ is not uh touch control, touch screen, you cannot go to channel twenty five directly. It's much longer than that that being two two five, no? Uh, and and It's going to be lighter, because this seems to be very heavy f I mean, for my daughter, for instance. Whether it's fancy or not now, it we have to decide. So, that they will that maybe the fruit may be here instead.. So, it seems we are not so clear on the shape uh I suggested three. You Do you think you are gonna be able to do that with ti titanium as well? You are trying to make make up make us up. Well, if I look at what is the most expensive things, uh it's the L_C_D_ and the speaker. So that would So, but if we select the hand dynamo it's okay, we only We we win one. Uh, I would say it's the Russian trick, but Anyway No, they may have some their origins, strange origins No, no, no. The for meeting it's uh one of the most important thing. So function, mm So, as we discussed, we have to switch on switch off whenever we want. Or uh, you can just give some nickname to your remote control, like Bobby. You can have your own designs and and you can feel simple designs. Uh, still we need to cha Yeah, it Maybe strawberry. I this is volume control and channel changes. Y you need to like press two and five and Yeah. So it's Even These buttons But it looks really not really good. Yeah, I think we will go for a single curve, no? Mm, hmm, I think uh because you can just go for a good colours. Ah, we got new idea, speech recognition, location finding. New materials, new s uh this fancy strawberry design. Everyone is f really uh really glad to obtain an s such a r such a device. The basic mode is uh you got just two buttons and a jog dial. And Moreover, moreover it covers it covers all the end goals. Yeah, you can fit it into your palm, you know.", "This last meeting started with the presentation of a remote control prototype. It has on-off and volume buttons, an LCD screen (it can be active or switched off) in various colours, which largely replaces the use of push buttons, and a jog-wheel for navigation and option selection in the menus presented on the LCD. It also includes speech recognition as an alternative interface, which also serves as mechanism for locating the device. It was designed to be powered by a single battery. The casing will be made of titanium with rubber strawberries following the fruit and veg fashion. The prototype was evaluated on a scale of 1(excellent)-7(very bad) in terms of fancifulness, technology, robustness, usefulness, size, colour and shape and customizability: the average mark was 2.17; the team were satisfied with their prototype, although after costs were calculated it proved very expensive. Finally, the team evaluated the whole process: they deemed themselves a good team, they found there was plenty of room for creativity and they liked the project manager's leadership. "], ["Well you'll you two will uh present us your prototype. Well the finance uh we'll do later, so um firstly uh I'll show you the notes. It's also copy paste from what we made together. They the the the the the side view, we didn't uh Yeah. So let it be like this at uh at this moment. Well w I we do want we have a l f f less of an And the device R_S_I_ sensitive? Uh not not towards you, but towards this all. Are the trends about fruit and vegetables implemented? We could make two different versions, one with and one without. Well the titanium I don't want to lose actually. Well, then we have two dollars less profit. Titanium, I thi I think this this is this is e really good re remote. So But then we can add the special colour? I think it's terrible that we got uh those costs at the last moment. It's both a SMARTboard, but this one is used for a desktop, and that one is used to to draw. I hated the cameras, I hated the microphones. But uh Well yeah, it is a bit uh Well we still have to make the end report and uh all those things. But I I think this is meant by the digital pen. But it it would have been uh useful, if I I could show this on the screen. Well you you can't you can't draw on a laptop like you like you paint of or draw with your hand. Because if you have a screen on it, you wanna look at your screen. That's not uh the point And you might be uh You might be target customer. And we have to look if our uh if our device uh is working correctly. Well I uh think you have all seen uh this kind of evaluation, so uh I don't have to explain it. Because normal p uh most people thought that um earlier devices were ugly ugly. Yeah No, I know, but I have to uh evaluate it. And I have to uh take all these points and get a average at the end. Yeah, we need to have the the L_C_D_ screen. No Yeah, but No, that's n It's not relevant. If you have uh lots of uh marketing people might buy. If you if you make it cool to have Oh, that's just great. Osl If you don't have the money, you can't make it. This this this isn't a SMARTboard, right? I'm gonna buy one buy one for my bedroom. Uh it's pretty uh much uh like uh Mike draw uh drew uh the in the during the last meeting. With uh the different uh perspectives of it. Um with uh the upper part being the front. You can see it also on the on the on the side view, that only this part is the front, and the rest of it, the under uh the under side uh of it, yeah, the back side and the lower part of the front is of course titanium made of titanium, and has the titanium colour of course, the look. Uh it's difficult to draw again the little oval or round I think oval will be better for the for the d for the different uh channel buttons. Oh nei we uh the Okay button's here in the middle of the of the operators, of the channel and uh volume um changers. Um okay I've had everything I guess on the front? Well it fits uh it it it it fits the hand, mean uh the the the the In the middle in the That's the question. But do you But d you don't think this is completely unusable I guess. Maybe a thousand people, or a million people. But it's also not completely um uh u unacceptable for older people I guess. D we d we don't we don't have uh that s Yeah. Well we don't have the device that beeps uh when you lost it or so, but um um Yeah. And you can also have front with uh with fruit on it. So Well you have to use the advanced chip, if you have the L_C_D_ screen. Well then we have a huge problem I think. But uh I Hey but uh I think you'll agree that uh that we that now we have this uh screen, it's it's very uh not practical to ha to consider this after we have designed the entire thing. And because i Alright it's not our target audience, but it's it's useful if it's uh important for old people. So titanium-coloured plastic for the back. No no um We have we have to uh fill W we ha No no no, but th that's not f um Well you can you can double curve, if you don't have titanium. Well uh they they didn't think of the requirements. And i you can also bring your your your note block. But I think uh d this option is only useful if you've got a lot of paperwork. I half of time I didn't notice they were there.", "The ID and UI presented the drawing of a prototype. It is rounded, with the front made of hard plastic in different colours. The back, as well as the lower part of the front are made of titanium. The back has the logo and slogan of the company engraved in its middle. The buttons include oval digit buttons, arrow-shaped channel and volume controls in the middle; below those, is the menu (for the LCD) and the video button. The LCD can be found at the lower section of the device. After the presentation, the product was evaluated. This was done on a scale of 1(excellent)-7(very bad) on fancifulness, ease of use, finding the device when it is lost, hi-tech features, incorporation of fashion trends, and ergonomic design. Because it was over budget, titanium was replaced by plastic and the speech recognition was discarded. They thought it would have been more sensible to have the component costs before the prototype design. Finally, the team evaluated the project process in terms of creativity (generally satisfied), leadership (the process was democratic, not happy with management), teamwork (happy with it), and means (SMARTboard was 'a disaster' and the digital pens only good for drawings). "], ["Then you can connect this one or this one yeah. And um so generally mm I don't have some figures sorry but um so there are two kinds of uh remote if you popularly in the household, actually so you have a standard T_V_ remote where you have just a on, off button and play, uh volume change and uh keys for the number and more than one digit option. And then whi which is generally used by the people. So it's going to record your things and you and you you need basically the functionalities what you need in both uh uh video as well as in the standard T_V_ thing. So for example uh Well uh Okay, it works. Yeah so you you you can have uh keys like uh which are which are like so. And uh basically you can look to the standards of other Actu Yeah. You mean the social target group who we wants to target? But it's quite noisy if there is the T_V_ uh shouting. Mm I okay I stay I can move as far as Maybe I take your chair? Um I'd like first to give a quick a very simple introduction, how does it work, so that everybody knows even if you don't have a very uh technical background uh what is it because I think in the product it is important. So my method for um designing the yeah the work design uh yeah first the the main point is that I would wish to to make a really functional product. So um basically uh here is a really large view of what we want. So of course we need energy sources and uh uh the receiver a a receiver. So the the main components you see here are the cheapest I have found and yeah th you have always a compromise with uh reliability and uh i if it's expensive, but uh this one was not this one also really uh reliable um so yeah that's it for the working design, uh I hope you get clearer view on uh what what a remote control is uh in terms of uh technical components but maybe yeah No no no no we we will uh This is a preference but we can always change uh Yeah. Of course yeah in the chip you have it yeah. Or even you don't need to download it, it's streamed uh online uh yeah. Because they are already used to that, you know, product. The I will uh present here agenda with with with with slides to you. So first uh just to mention I will take notes uh of this meeting and uh I will try to work them out and give them to you. Then I hope you all have uh worked out some some uh some some presentations about uh about well you the the task given to you in the previous meeting. Um, we will see in which order we will handle them of. Uh Um about the functions and Well in this meeting we should really try to reach a decision about the target group and the functionality of the Yes I mean well yes w who are we going to uh to well to sell this, the customers, indeed yes. But the these are all quite fancy features I'm not sure whether we will we can make this for for twelve Euro fi and fifty cents. Yeah uh, the receiver is of course already in the television and we are not uh able to change it. Mm yes, but I think it's i i it's already there, I mean the hard disk uh recorders uh I I've seen them in the shop. Uh we should now uh try to decide um on our target group. Well I've just been um presented with some research we've done in a small focus group so, a hundred people, just asked them about their remote control usage habits and what they want in a remote control. Um seventy five u seventy five percent of users find most remote controls ugly. Eighty percent of users would spend more money when a remote control would look fancy. Uh seventy five percent of users said they zap a lot, so they use their remote control quite frequently while they're watching television. or does it know which one you want to use? But I don't think we're trying to make a universal remote here. But why are they buying one in the first place? In that case they wouldn't buy our product, because it doesn't give them what they need in terms of functionality. We We're not building a universal remote, we're not building a high end product.", "The project manager opens the meeting and presents the agenda using slides. The marketing expert explains the research she read about, which is a study done on 100 people asking their remote usage habits and preferences. The Industrial Designer presents, explaining the basic function of a remote control and how it works. He says they should first agree on the technical functions before he creates working design and chooses the chips and infrared components to build it. The Interface Designer gives his presentation, talking about the remote's technical function of sending a message to the TV set that is decoded by the TV. Standard TV remotes have an on/off button, play, volume change, number keypad, and a 1 or 2 digit option. He suggests that in aiming for the next generation they should have a remote for the TV and video integrated together. The project manager recieves a message from account manager, which he shares with the group. They discuss and determine the target group as well as the possibility of making a universal remote for stereo, VCR, and TV. They close the meeting with the project manager telling each group member what they will do before the next meeting. "], ["I will speak about uh latest trends trends, latest fashion updates, and uh things we must not do. That's uh something you uh have to take a look at. Also the menus and things like that they have to they have to feel great. Um there's a minus uh two times here, because this is the most important point. So we we have to think uh in this direction. But then you are losing your fruity colours. But we need a we need a a recording recording button for the speech uh part. Yeah, but people like something uh new you know. Do you know the new uh No no The front is the most important. So, we're going for a titanium back and a plastic front? But then you have the problem, when you have a titanium back, you can't switch it. Yeah, but you can scratch it off or something. Else you you get problems with the L_C_D_. When you exchange all the fronts and it's open. We should move to uh something Well yeah. And electrical cables, copper is all pretty basic stuff. And infra infrared l LED is uh just a simple bulb. But of course that's not our uh things this. Soft materials is of course uh agai again a bit a contradiction with uh our uh material choice of what you said, that uh it should be hard an and and and and strong looking. Well I also have um several examples of uh styles, so you can get a clear picture of uh what I mean. Uh these are the basic uh older older peoples' stuff. Although it's plastic, it's it's grey to to to give it iron look. Well we have to make a Well we can't really make a round uh a round remote control. Because if we make it grey or or silvery looking, it it does make it a lot more uh does make it looking a lot more stronger. And I also suggest uh as a shape uh a double curved case. Um anyway Um f as uh for the buttons, simple push buttons. But It's worth the trouble I think, because Uh rubber is a soft material, I guess. Those are the the cha the channel buttons of course? But you can men you can press menu again to get out. So we have to uh put it in one uh document. Yeah of course, but yeah you have to make a decision. Well, well the According to my sources, uh it's it's totally possible to make an entire uh uh uh Titanium is available, and uh we can uh make uh an entire remote out of it, if we want. Titanium is very No no no, but you know b Titanium is very basic colour, and it doesn't really matter if we have a purple front on it or a orange front. Well we uh We we j we'll just give them an uh We'll design it, and then they can give comments on it. Right corner, or maybe here in the middle? I l I like the idea of the of the slogan on the on the on the thing. Do you do you see a bit of the of the um of the uh titanium? No no betwe of between we can do but But then you have two parts of front, two fronts that This enti entire bottom? It also has the those two distinct uh Mm bit like this. Well something fancy looking can be can be easy to use. Um an L_C_D_ s screen will be implemented. I think young people and yeah w well every user would like that. Um Um with the uh the up and down and and well buttons and the Well I will draw what I had drawn on the screen. Well these little buttons are a bit difficult to uh draw uh correct. And with this you can uh, yes, go to through the menus and that can Um the video button should be uh an apart button, because you want it to uh t, yeah, to use it fast within one uh click. The fronts y you can do anything with them. Yes we could No, they have two fronts, that. Well we'll wait a few seconds and then we'll get an email. We'll get your presentations again on the conceptual design. Well, easy to use uh s is a bit uh contradictionary with the first uh Functional is not an issue, and then easy to use. So, if you ti Well You you Maybe you should have uh some some coloured titanium or something. So it it looks pretty but it feels strong. But then we should also have an uh an Okay button. Maybe I you could j just do an an exit with Okay. That's you you should have uh Or you can put in the L_C_D_'s uh window an option Get Out. Um where No well, that's more like the buttons where they have to come. Um well I am going to put it in here, uh because we can uh look. Well uh all the all the inside work of our remote is uh standard work. The conceptual specification of the user interface? We still have to make those fifty million, yeah?. That's why I uh But uh How long do we still have? I as Project Manager ha don't have a clue. Oh we can uh decide how we implement the feeling from our company into the remote. That's a bit Oh that that's that's pretty cool. No, I think uh Well you'll Maybe you can uh keep your uh laptop here.", "For the conceptual design, the marketing expert talked about the public's preference for looks and texture over technological innovation; however, they both seem to be more important than ease of use. The current fashion among younger people favours bright colours and fruit and vegetable themes: pertinent exchangeable fronts can express such trends on the remote. Materials also need to be strong: the marketing expert suggested an iron-plate or titanium front. The industrial designer suggested they use rubber push buttons (and no scroll wheel), simple battery (instead of solar cells or kinetic dynamo), and advanced chip. Speech recognition can be implemented, but it does not link speech commands to remote control actions. He also advised that the users within the target group prefer primary colours, soft textures and curved shapes. The team drew a provisional prototype. They placed the LCD below the buttons. If it is implemented, a recording button, microphone and speaker need to be included in the design. Finally, they decided to have a titanium case with plastic front and the company logo and slogan engraved. Packages with a variety of changeable fronts will be launched. "], ["We should make a big sponge lemon, and then it'd be it would be yellow. So, the way I'm gonna do this is uh we're gonna take a look at some old remote controls, see how they work, uh reuse the the vital kind of um essential pieces of it, and then we'll throw in our new innovations um and keep it all within budget. So uh yeah, looking inside a a very simple remote control. Uh or sponge, I guess, isn't on there, right. Okay, like we could have a big banana shaped remote control, 'cause it's yellow fruit, right? We could have a little L_E_D_s on each end. Yeah, and it has a a clear top and bottom so y so you could say, you know, it transmits from this end. They can work from a You don't have to hold it. Now just make sure they don't eat the remote. But yeah But yeah, about the speech thing, it doesn't have to be hand held or close. Um as for the energy source um, you know, almost every remote control uses just batteries, but we don't have to be limited by that. But uh I think we can keep it all under budget. So switching over I've just left uh my first two screens. Then we shall start with a presentation from Raj. Just what I think of when I think of a remote control. Kay but people tend to recognise certain shapes to do certain things anyway, don't they? Well, si since we're going for the uh the k the sort of company colours, I think your lemon wasn't that far s And if it doesn't work you know, we've just made a lemon. So this is a standard off the shelf kind of a chip, is it? Yeah it's uh, yeah, that that'd be that's sort of comfortable to hold, easy to hold so you don't drop it. Let's that'll make us fifty million Euros. Yeah, we can relate it by advertising or Yeah. And uh I think if this this new software for the sound recognition is the microphone I would put it sort of sub-centrally, so it's Yeah. So I mean like you could actually Yeah, gives you the options. And you've got the facia, and you can just talk at the Maybe. Okay, so we stick with what we've got there. So again I mean like we could have, uh I mean, we could quite easily have the the main body be a different colour, but have kinda going round, yeah. Um and further instructions will be sent by your personal coaches. I shoulda sort of engineered it so we k ended up making a diffi difficult shape. I wonder if they mean like literally make it, sort of buttons and everything. Uh the findings, I've got some pictures to show you as well. Um, oh I still haven't got my glasses on. So these are the some of the pictures of existing ones. You can put it in there, it's for your kids, and it's quite an organic shape and the little circle around there is pretty cool. And this one, the over-sized one, I don't know about you, but I think it's a bit too gimmicky. Uh personal preferences just some imagination, the raised symbols I thought were good, the L_C_D_, it does look smart, but I think maybe for our budget, do you think that would be a bit too expensive to have the Yeah. I think maybe just draw on the kind of fruit and vegetable shape. So let's not use the whiteboard any more. Um and as we say we n we don't wanna be too ridiculous with the fruit things you know. Well, um because Well, I I'm not sure if we should go so far in the whole fruit thing, because I think we should maybe just take the inspiration from the fruit and uh because what Yeah, w I think wh wha would we're trying to get to twenty five, thirty five year olds who want it quite trendy as well they said. Yeah, like with those watches that you kind of twist. Uh in this meeting I I'm going to discuss about the trend watching, uh how these trends is going to affect our market potential and how important is this. So this sh this clearly indicates their preference for the design their outlook of the remote controls. The second most important aspect is that remote control should be a technologically uh innovative. So that they could know how to use these remote controls. Y yeah uh yeah, we have to, because uh d you can see how people have related their clothes, shoes, and everything with fruits and vegetables, because the g world is now changing it's trend towards organic, becoming more and more organic, becoming Yeah. So so that they could play with it while handi uh while handling it. So that should also be taken into consideration. So even if we increase our cost little bit, within uh some limits, and we give something new technological advancement as well as new design with fancy outlook, I think we will meet the requirements and we will be able to have a good sales in the market. Or we can do something, we can design two three shapes and we can have a public survey, let the public choose what they want. So in that way we need not to d have different different shape mobiles everything, we will just design casings fruit shape.", "The Marketing Expert presented the results of a market survey that indicated users' most important preferences in remote control features. He discussed trends in fashion that should be incorporated into the prototype design. The User Interface Designer compared the designs of several competitors' remotes to decide which features should be used in their own design. She discussed using voice recognition, an LCD screen, and color to make the device easier to use and to improve its look. The Industrial Designer went over all of the internal components and materials that will be incorporated in the design. He gave a layout of the placement of the components in the device. The group decided to use a rubber or latex material to give the device a spongy feel. He discussed the color and shape of the remote with the group and the placement of the components on the device. The group discussed colors and shapes further, and decided that the remote will be yellow, and perhaps having a fruit-inspired shape. The group decided to use a rechargeable battery and recharging stand. The Project Manager instructed the User Interface Designer and the Industrial Designer to construct the prototype. "], ["Um the agenda for this meeting is um we'll initially have the prototype presentation by our two designers. And um So first we'll have the prototype presentation. It looks more Think like vanilla and banana would. And so now that we've we have a prototype, uh we need to go over the finances and seeing if this prototype matches uh what our budget can handle. So, I have something I'm going to Oh wait a minute. I think, it was another colour and it was like I think it'd look okay. It's like right in the Your thumb might get a little bit uh Yeah. And that's kind of what the um the PowerPoint slide thing said would be good for R_S_I_, so maybe it is but Yeah. Um Alright so based on this evaluation, do we average them out sorta thing? So um if you can look up at the screen, um the large screen, oh I guess looking at your own too and telling me which one you think. Okay we're using kinetic which is quite a large expense at three Euros. Well one colour for the case, one colour for the buttons. So um our operating cost is twelve twenty Euros. So it'd be like need more time and materials. We wanted it all to be accessible from your thumb yeah palm-held and all the buttons are accessible from your thumb. So you don't have to Oh that was a mistake, wasn't it? You press that first and then you go one three yeah. Uh, the plus is only for if you're going past the number nine. The pomegranate's kinda girly and funky kind of, and then the vanilla's more for the more sophisticated customer who just wants something that fits in with all decor. Yeah so not very sleek and we don't wanna go for black because most remote controls are black or grey. So we want it to be stand out that way, anyway. That kind of annoys me though, when it's zero six when you have to press I don't know why. Well we haven't got a big banana but Oh yeah. I got Yeah, 'cause we've a four to bring down. Well the there is a there's a delay on remotes I think. Sorry my computer's giving me technical difficulties. So basically the lower p the lower the points the better. Okay so question number two was is it techn technologically innovative? S Yeah I think it's you can't really get confused with that. Or Well Yeah the bottom could be like ch chopped a bit. Remember that eighty percent of users were willing to spend more money when a remote control looked fancy. No, I guess, I don't know much about the remote control industry, how much your average sells for, but I know I am, aren't I? Remember that fifty percent of users lose their remote regularly. It turns into a duck and starts quacking. Will it be easy to learn how to use this remote when brand new? So, do you think that's more of a three then? So you can have banana and kiwi and okay. But yeah, no I mean it's a different movement so yeah. I mean watermelon, you know, m probably appealing to the yeah, seasonal. I mean diff if you can visualise this in nice colours I think it would look quite fancy. The L_E_D_ use isn't particularly innovative and we don't have any scroll buttons, it's all pushbuttons, there's no L_C_D_ control, so if we're thinking about the rest of the market, it's sort of probably halfway. H it's got higher centre of gravity like that. And the kinetic energy, shaker-style-y, whoo, ooh no. You don't have to look down to find them. Like um the colour scheme names and stuff. So I think we could've done with a bit more time. Well mm, did it come into the into I dunno if we counted that in the costs.", "The project manager opens the meeting by stating the agenda. The designers give the prototype presentation, showing their simple design that is based on a mango. They point out the company logo and LED, and demonstrate how the device is palm-held and thumb-acessible. They also discuss the numerical, volume, channel, and power buttons as well as the color scheme. The marketing expert administers the product evaluation, and they rate each of the ten criteria on a scale of 1-7. The criteria includes fancy look-and-feel, technological innovation, ease of use, look, whether people would be willing to spend 25 Euros for it, whether its operating behavior matches the average user, ease of finding when lost, ease of learning to use, whether it will minimize RSI, incorporation of company colors and logo, and whether it follows the motto. They average the scores and get 1.9. They check the product costing and find that their operating cost is 12.20 Euros. In evaluating the project process they are pleased with their creativity, leadership, timing, teamwork, discussions, and overall product given the resources they had. They close the meeting by thanking one another. "], ["I want to say I'm the secretary, so I make the minutes. You find them in your in the map in the From the group. There's the minutes from the first meeting. And after that I have some new product requirements. So And after that we have to make decisions, what we will do. Yeah but when you use two, you can use it two times longer. So Yeah but I don't I think it They are two different things though. So Yes it is but I don't think we have to do it. That was the the the the the technical Hallo. I've save it on my computer, my presentation. I just had an half an hour j to study it and I don't get it. So it won't be um uh too expensive to build it. Now And here I have the top of the remote control. And when you push the button, it will uh will be sent to the chip. It's uh it won't be uh We shouldn't make it too big. Also because of the cost, uh not too much buttons on it. And on the T_V_ you can uh switch into the menu. Maybe just a menu button to use it on our televisions. Then I think uh the menu button uh will only work on the newer televisions. But Uh, to have a trendy remote control, we can also um make something like the Nokia um mobile phones. I think it will be a little more difficult, but not too much. And uh we don't yet have to decide what the remote control would look like? Uh we did a usability lab-test with a hundred persons. Uh among them design, uh d d how d did they like the use of it, uh what frustrations they had while using remote controls. And um th they also found them hard to to learn how to use it. And to come back on the the swapping uh things, uh I don't think uh, I I think the younger will be most interest in it. Young users uh think that's an interesting idea. Uh well we uh found out that there are two several markets at which we can aim. Uh the first are the younger, the age between sixteen and forty five. And um they are more critical on their money spending. One thing I did not say I think, is that a lot of users also said then I would uh buy a good looking uh remote control if there will be one. Uh well yeah that depends on if you have uh the menu on the T_V_. But If if it Yeah, I don't I'm not sure if it will make profit enough to uh But it's uh yeah it's uh original idea. Uh We just heard from the Industrial Designer how uh difficult it is. And I don't uh I don't think twenty five Euros for a remote is really cheap or something.", "The project manager opened the meeting by explaining how to locate his minutes from the previous meeting. The Industrial Designer briefly explained the internal workings of the remote,  and mentioned his preferences for power source and case material. He also suggested mobile phone-like changeable covers, and the group discussed the profit in this. The User Interface Designer very briefly mentioned some features a remote should have and suggested it should be multifunctional. The Marketing Expert present the findings of the usability study. The group then discussed their target group ,and what features they might include to attract them. The manager introduced new requirements to the project, insisting they were to be followed. The group then discussed what buttons they might need, which included menu, numbers, channel and volume changing arrows and mute. "], ["Thank you for coming to this third meeting of the uh uh design group. So again um, I'll we'll have the three three presentations from the the the three of you and then uh we'll we'll make a a final a final uh decision. Um now the the the internal chip um and uh this is where I need uh uh Kate's expert advice and given that th this has to to go to market as quickly as possible um d d do we go for a custom designed chip? But uh that that's uh that's your area of expertise. And uh Kate and Kendra will be producing a a model for us to uh to look at. Okay, so how um sorry, can you uh just put that one back up again, please? Right, I think we need to make a a decision here. I mean do w do we think that the voice technology is fundamental to the project? Yeah, I I I I I think that's uh Yeah, yeah. Well d p 'kay, do you wanna say anything about um slide controls? So three three there's three buttons on a slider. Yeah, or yeah uh th th the I mean thi this is what the we have to come up with is the the actual shape that people can ins instantly pick it up and and know know uh know what it's going to do. I th I s I think if we're gonna go down that route, then we're talking about uh even if it costs slightly more than that, um just building the whole thing in one, then having getting cheaper production costs um and, you know giving people the option of buying a new uh a a complete new thing, the advantage of a replaceable cover is that even if they don't it doesn't have a cover on at all, it will still work um totally. I, you know, I'm I'm I'm with it, I'm up to date. And uh then people, you know, people demand more Real Reaction stuff. Oh no that well there's the sim my my idea was something a b probably you know a bit fatter than this but sort of tha that sorta shape so that you can just sort of ho hold it. I think we d I think we decided that w we're actually going down both routes. Then you just bring it up to your mouth and just speak to it, yeah, yeah. Uh uh uh Okay, if we if we're going down that route, then we need some sort of display. Um and actually put what we've discussed into something uh I was gonna say concrete, but that's a slightly inappropriate word um to something that we can we can see and um Andrew n can go away and th th think about how we can uh actually market this as a concept and not j not just a uh um a a simple remote control. Okay, so thank you very much indeed and I'll s see you all again in thirty minutes. And Okay, basically I just uh looked at what exactly do remotes do. W just to to incorporate the voice activation in it is is sorta the trick. Uh it's fundament well I mean I guess it it's something we've discussed uh since the the sort of the beginning, so I th I think in in our in our minds it's it's fundamental, but I don't know that the uh the upper echelons of the company would necessarily agree with that, so I think you have to Hm. Yeah, and fiddle around with it and press it. Also lots of mobile phones have got a lot of technology in them, not just that, so. Uh yeah, it's the second most important aspect to users that the device should be technologically innovative. Uh you could you could as l as like a mouse you could Yeah, like the shape of it almost like a mouse, with a Dep I dunno if it depending on the final shape of it, 'cause you could have like, I dunno, it looks like you can c control the volume with your thumb, and then you could control the buttons with your fingers. This is a st well I was gonna say yeah twice as important as the second aspect, which is the technologically innov innovative um side of it. Uh yeah, and uh from the fashion watchers from Milan and Paris have said fruit and vegetables are an important theme for clothes and furniture and shoes, et cetera. And then this is the power source and the bit everyone sees. Well, another thought I oh, sorry, go ahead. And we've been talking about it the whole time. So just kind of minimise the clutter, avoid too many buttons and also um one of the things that people have used is a slide button, like you have on a mouse, that possibly we could use that on the sides for volume, for example, have the slide button on the side, and then you can pre-programme the channels, the voice recognition and then the voice response sample locator. Yeah like the kind you get on like hand weights. Yeah, just another five Euro to get Right. So that, you know, when they hold it it's because a mouse is pretty comfortable to hold in your hand um maybe we could make it a slightly different shape so they could hold on to it, but that way they can have the volume on the side and then the channel buttons and have the power, wherever, somewhere. Yeah, it's like um yeah, it's like the mouse where you just kinda click it.", "The project manager opens the meeting by recapping the discussions of the previous meeting, telling the group this meeting's agenda, and stating what each person will do for the next meeting. Then the industrial designer talks about the components design and explains exactly what remotes do and how they operate. He also talks about batteries and chips. The interface specialist present research from the internet about user interface. He talks about minimizing the clutter on the remote, and suggests using a slide button like on a mouse. The marketing expert presents, talking about trend-watching and how fruits and vegetables are currently an important theme. They talk about making changable colors available and possibly including batteries with them. They discuss what the remote should look like in terms of shape color, and then talk about components, materials, and energy sources. Then they close the meeting. "], ["Oh, although I can't see it on my screen. Um, thes main internal feature is a circuit board, which contains all the elec electronics and also the contacts with the power source. Um, all the other things are individual components that we'd have to get in separately, and work out the most, like, effective um circuit, including all the wires and everything like that. And they're not so great to dispose of, environmentally. Um, where you manually charge up the power. I don't think it would really be with kind of cutting edge technology. I mean, the kinetic energy is transformed into power to make the circuit work. But, good to look into, renewable energy, always the way. But, would've been maybe for future projects. We've developed some we've got some good advances in technology, with our research team have found some uh new multiple um option scroll buttons. I'm sure we're all quite familiar with those on mobiles or computer laptop pads. We're going on to that later with the advanc with the L_C_D_ that means we'd need a really advanced chip. I think that would, uh there would be an in sort of more internal casing. It, it stops it, I mean, it would reduce the impact if it was dropped or something, as well, 'cause it wouldn't damage itself so easily. Some alternative just in case something went wrong. It just needs to be in light for a certain amount of time per day. You don't have to, you know, you can shake it a few times, or whatever. Instead of you don't have to like make sure it's in the right place to charge and. That's in like the buttons with all the different like colours for different choices and things. I'd assume, like, an internal light, that comes through. I'm sure it has its own buttons, so you don't necessarily need to have it on remote. W Like plastic with rubber, kind of on top Well, there's, there is a certain phone that has like a rubber casing, b like a Nokia it is. But um I think we're gonna go with the command interface anyway, to make it more simplistic. So you can change the buttons when you're changing the faces. Each face could have its own colour of buttons maybe? So pretty just just the basic button functions. So it seems we'd have to do more research on it. Although it needs some light, doesn't it? The infrared is like, that's considered a Okay. Well y Oh so you're picturing the light is coming from the back. Um, basically so we can live up to our, our uh purpose of having a very fashionable remote control. And I looked at the design reports from previous years, here at Real Remote. Um, and they, they're each more important than the one that comes after it. Uh, the first one is that there should be a fancy look-and-feel, instead of the current functional look-and-feel. The fruits and vegetable themes, I don't know if that's going to work for us. I don't know if we wanna do it on remotes. Maybe for the television that people have in their kitchen. Um, the temporary light-up idea, sounds like we're gonna stick to that. So So if it's not working they just have to shake it a bit and that revitalises it? Um, and it was considered a one point five relevance, on a scale of ten. Some T_V_s will have the option of like living room style, movie style, um and that, they say that's used zero point eight times an hour, which is actually somewhat high. Yeah I guess that it affects the marketing, 'cause it, mm it is a good sales ploy to say, aren't you annoyed with remote controls that have all these buttons. Something that your granny would want on her remote control. Alright, and I will switch up PowerPoint. Um one thing with the scroll buttons though. But I think that it's worth it, kinetety, kinetic um energy source. It could make an we could have any kind of style. Or just like pick it up when you're gonna use it. I'm sure i like kinetic energy would probably dip into the budget. Um, well, um, I thought we had um decided that we would if you touched one of the buttons they'd all light up. But they still need to um fit into people's decor though. Yeah, like more like photos of fruit, on, on our product. Okay so we have to uh decide now exactly what we are going to do. There's like no reason why it wouldn't work, right? I think we decided on the pushbuttons, right? Plastic with rubber coating and interchangeable um yeah, interchangeable plates. Like we, I don't know if we can make a remote that would be universal to all the different kinds of changes like that. And, um, we'll reconvene in thirty minutes. '", "The project manager opens this conceptual design meeting and gives them the agenda. The industrial designer presents first and talks about the components of a remote, energy source options, and materials for the remote, case, and buttons. The interface specialist presents the interface concept by explaining the difference between graphical and command interface. They decide the command interface is most useful for a remote because it is simpler and more user-friendly. The group discusses aspects of the user interface including the lighting up effect and material of the buttons. The marketing expert presents on trend-watching and talks about how fruit and vegetables are an important fashion theme this year, and says the material used is expected to be spongy. The group discusses how they could implement these fashion trends into the design, then finalizes a few decisions about the components, materials, and energy sources. The project manager closes the meeting, stating what each member's next task will be. "], ["And I hope you all had a good individual working time. And we're gonna have three presentations, one from each of you. Then we're gonna discuss some new project requirements. First I want to discuss the goals of this meeting. Do you want me to run it or you wanna Okay. I think that's a pretty good guess though. Are we ready for our last presentation, Amber? So the red would be the front of the remote though, right? Nobody needs to go to the teletext channel to check the news, and we have twenty four hour news channels now too, so Those are our new product requirements. Would it just be universal for everyone, you think? Okay, so we're going to go anywhere from kids to adult in the age range Um what about technic technical um specifications, like how how technically literate are these people who are going to be using our remote? So so they need no technical experience to operate Okay. So we said it needs to send messages to the T_V_, needs to change the channel, turn on and off, just basic simple stuff like this. Correct, because people only use ten percent. ' Would that add to our costs at all, I wonder? And if and if we introduced it when they're this age, they're going to probably always buy a remote that has Right. I guess, we're gonna discuss the project financing later, making sure that we can fit all of the stuff that we want to on our budget. So we've pretty much pared it down to on-off, volume, mute, channel up and down, um the numbers Yeah. Specific instructions will be sent to you by your personal coach. And if anybody has anything they would like to add? Okay, well, this meeting is officially over. Um extra functions will probably need an additional chip. And they tend to sell their chips pretty cheap. Um power source, I figured, batteries, 'cause they're easily available. Uh it really kinda depends on the size of the actual remote itself. Most of them will intuitively pick it up though. And like if this is gonna get lost underneath the coach, how are we going to accommodate the quick ability to find it? I think people would find that too foreign. And so people say that they typically lose it, as you yourself know, because you probably lose your remote control all the time, much like any small appliance like a cellphone, and they we need something simple, because most people, well thirty four percent say that it's just too much time to learn how to use a new one, and we don't want to go we don't want to vary too far from the normal standard remote, but I mean they do need to be able to identify it, and R_S_I_, I'm not very sure what that is. So we need a hip, but not a corny marketing scheme for promoting our product. No, kids need to know how to use a remote, I would think. It's really the people twenty five to thirty five. Or put like stripes, oh yeah, yellow lights. And then on the right, it's a lot more simpler, it's got volume, it's got the play the like circle set, which is play, rewind, but it's also what is fast-forward is also like next on a menu. Well it's channel, on-off button, volume, mute. Yeah, like you have one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, zero. Well, I don't know, I mean, if you can like well I don't know, if there's just a way of leaving them out? Well, the other option is sort of like down at the bottom, like farther away, you just have this sort of box inset where it's like the buttons that you don't use as much, but occasionally you will use. Well, that could be No you could just double up with like the channel or the volume buttons.", "The User Interface Designer presented the basic functions of the device and discussed the designs of two existing products, showing an example of the simple design that the group wants to implement. The Marketing Expert presented feedback from users, showing that users want a simple but fancy-looking remote control and that young users want speech recognition. She discussed including only the most basic functions in the interface. The Industrial Designer presented her internal design of the device and discussed the processor chip and the energy sources that will be integrated. She suggested integrating an extra lightbulb that lit up when the remote was communicating with the television. The Project Manager gave the group new requirements for the product design. The group discussed marketing the product to a wide range of customers. They had a discussion about possibly including a locator function and speech recognition. They discussed integrating the company's yellow color and logo into the design, and decreasing the number of buttons in the main interface. The Project Manager instructed the Industrial Designer to prepare the components concept, the User Interface Designer to prepare the interface concept, and the Marketing Expert to prepare a trendwatching report. "], ["Du Uh we yes s I've lo I've done the role that I was asked to do anyway. Um the method I used was to explore the uh technical functions of a remote control. And t s simplest approach that I came to is is to change, programme and operate an electronic device remotely. Um like it's just been brought up again then. Um Okay here here's just two pictures of remote controls. Fewer buttons, simpler to use, and if ten percent um is hidden away if ten percent is what's used, maybe the other fifty percent, the buttons that are used very rarely like programming, they could be hidden maybe under some remote controls you might have come across have maybe a little flip thi thing where they're hidden away. And the main buttons are the ones you or the ones you come across. Um and finally, um uh sort I've sort of covered that, our product I think should be user interface orientated. Um Like I said to concentrate on T_V_ remote control, a universal remote might be too complex. And wou I don't know if would would you want to keep saying stuff if you were watching stuff. Is that if it came with maybe a holder or holster, whatever you wanna call it. You I mean it might be to look at sort of the the shape and trend of like things like mobile phones, and the shapes that the they've been going. So you know you just sort of have your hand Yeah. Right on the and your thumb would be up here type thing. But I mean the older so Right-handed, yeah. Sorry I actually need to see something else on my screen. So is there no way I can give you the slideshow and have something yeah. Seventy five percent of users said they zap a lot. And then audio settings and screen settings and channel settings were practically never used. And it kind of just went down incrementally. Some things that I drew from this are that I think we were correct. So you only have one rather than five different remotes sitting all over your room. Sorry did you guys get time to write everything that you needed? ' Yeah not yet but maybe by the next meeting we'll have some info on that. Of course the signal differs accordingly. Which is also comparatively um important on one of those devices. We cannot change the chip which controls the infrared lamp. Or we have a touch pad or something like that that's something we can discuss. While you're watching, it's gonna roll off. You can also have it, maybe, talking about mobile phones again, sliding open. Mm well I was just thinking, this this of course causes causes a problem um for left or right-handed people actually. Then there's maybe another point of making it a two-in-one kind of thing. If we have a smaller a smaller device that actually fits into the big one. Means the big one has to be sufficiently big. And perhaps heavy, so you can't move it around. See if I can't get things uh moving along here a little bit better. Um then we can come to a conclusion on uh what we want the remote to do, um and how it's going to do it hopefully. She's gonna figure out what what um the consumer wants. Um we decided that it should probably be one-handed. So we can maybe see what uh what the people want. And then it should come up here shortly. ' It's a, it's a gimmick factor that they like at first, and Okay. And your re uh research showed that you know most of the people don't even use it. And we could probably get away with black too but So those are the three um the three new requirements that that I was told we need to use. But um it's probably, I would say, probably not worth the investment at this point in time. User interface concept, we want it to be something simple. But then again you don't want you know like the first mobile phone that was this big and you had a handbag to carry it around in. That's that's pretty much all you need I think. So I'm left-handed but I, so I can say that most things are designed for right-handed people.", "The project manager recapped the events and decisions of the previous meeting. The marketing expert presented research on user preferences and tendencies with remote controls. The research indicated that users want remotes to be more attractive, to match the behavior of the user, to be easier to locate when misplaced, and not to cause RSI. The research also indicated that younger users were interested speech recognition. The user interface designer spoke on the option to have a universal remote, presented two differently designed remotes available on the market, and described some features a user-centered remote should include. The industrial designer discussed the interior workings of a remote and then the team discussed the option to include speech recognition in their design. The project manager briefed the team on some new requirements to abide by. The team then discussed the option to include a recharger with a locater button in their design, the appearance of their remote, buttons, how to make an ergonomic remote, and the option to have a two-piece remote. "], ["That's the place where it's going to be, not the size. The three important things of refa are uh from th of this year is are, is the remote control fancy enough, is it in innovative enough, and is it easy enough to use. Isn't going to be a little bit heavy at the top? So fancy enough means, does it comes to the younger people and the elder people. I think I think this is a two, personally. Remote control mainly be sold to younger people. Let's go th for I think it would be a t yeah, two. Was that does that mean to it, single curve? Yeah, so that does doesn't doesn't that mu I think Scrap sample speaker? F You have to we have to scrap four points. Yeah, but a wood we can make it brown, dark brown, not wood. Is it also no that that's just normal colour fruit colours. Yeah, but m Yeah, because we have more colours than only black. Now we worked through each other, something he said yeah, and you had information I also had, so some some things I had in my presentation, they already told, so So yeah, that I don't think that is the best way to work at for such project. I don't think that was the best way, but Yeah, the technology's okay. Yeah, like the f like a plotters or something, yeah. Only thing that we worked through, past each other. With some things that was only problem, but Yeah yeah yeah, but furthermore better. Everything you loaded was also av available there. To function it it doesn't really have to be sm uh big of course. In an apart uh In a separate button, yeah. Would you like to make any comments about next uh Previous page, yeah, indeed. You can see very clearly now that the uh teletext and options menu isn't uh taking uh much uh uh it's taking much part of the screen, so it's very uh when you uh when you use it, doesn't uh become irritating to see. The sideways view, uh that that that ma Ho not that pen. Uh make it uh rather thick on the top, because uh on the top it has uh the screen, which takes uh in some uh space, and the batteries can be located over there, so uh Yeah. Because all the people who can't uh Uh a two. Yeah, it is it is harder to to like Geez. And most all because of the option to Whoa. Yeah, the speech possibility, the colours. Remote younger people usually use the remote control to put on the volume. Double curved was uh uh see uh ju three dimensional. Make it w uh when you made it uh uh uh a remote control of wood? And then you can and then you can add to the colours. Yeah, but but why not work here together, for example? We didn't make any uh Oh in Didn't we just do that? We first start with the overall uh This is about the total remote control. I will put it back on the on the nice green. 'Cause otherwise I think i I think it does. Well they think it's very true, but uh Yeah, but We should perhaps That not. Yeah, because they're right on your screen. The options are it uh little bit harder, but if you touch the options then it's uh No they're not, but they're they're they are easy to find. For young people I think it's easy to use. Yeah, so then this is it is almost true, so a two. You could call to your uh yeah, and the screen, yeah. Right, that that that those are features. No, aren't the features the microphone's feature and that you can change the channel's feature, and that you can change the volume is feature, and that you can change the options of the remote, uh uh something like that. So we're going to erase features or something. We're goin still going to be here at eight o'clock. No, it was in my uh my information, so uh Yeah. Oh, we don't have any buttons, so Yeah, we need to uh No, uh we have fifteen and oh, right. Yeah, but it's t Yeah, but it is uh it it is a new feature, it is something special. Is that the wood uh wood uh this, we have to have that one too? Th then we still have too much if we use the uh Yeah, we we scrap that one? Yeah, so you always lose the special colour. Yeah, and then you can show it to everybody. I didn't find the didn't look but uh I didn't look, but I got like one email after ten minutes or something. Oh no, this is just one big document, so you can leave that wherever it is. Now I'd like to give the word to you two. And I just missed when I was typing The R_R_ stands for? And the the curves which we decided, huh? Well I'd say two on a scale No, okay well, that's true. Okay, you're very enthusiastic about your own design, huh? So it should this question should be hard to lose. Well m th but the logo is on on the front, so a two, yeah, that's Oh, well that's that's pretty good, huh? Well we have to count some things and we have to think about some things. No, uh count uh number of functions, because for every button you have to pay and there are different screen shots, so or different different screens, so Yeah, but it's it's more about the energy source, huh? You changed the uh scroll wheel and Oh, but it's just one point, so maybe you should should uh Yeah, you should you should drop the speech recognition. So it's curved, it's still that so we we dropped the speech recognition together with the speaker. So you would say uh communicate during our individual uh work. Well, probably to simulate the whole working uh process, huh, th you can't have a meeting uh for several weeks. So you don't think the SMARTboard is is really useful or Yeah, so it's maybe a bit unnatural also. When we get uh when we have we would have gotten uh more information. And uh what were the other points to to improve this whole process? I don't know if that's the best way to when it isn't is it when it is too expensive to quickly re-arrange it and say, okay, this is it, but we had to do it, huh, because we have to have a design, and that is within the budget. But uh well, thank you very much for your co-operation, and I had a very nice day so far.", "The project manager opened the meeting and then the user interface designer and industrial designer presented their prototype for the remote which featured an LCD screen, a scroll button, and a battery indicator. The marketing expert conducted a project evaluation of the prototype. The team found the remote to be fancy, innovative, fairly easy to use, available in different colors, fairly spongy, difficult to misplace, and targeted to younger people. The project manager then led the team in calculating the production costs of their remote. The team had difficulty in meeting the the target cost and had to eliminate some of the more expensive components they had hoped to include in their design. The project manager then led the team in an evaluation of the project process. The team found the project stressful, the equipment useful, the information available to them lacking, and their laptops to be slow and heavy. "], ["Uh this one doesn't want to be moved, I think. But this is what you would like to ask the user first and I don't think the user would be ready to have a I don't think well, yeah, I don't think he would, but in a sense The wire? This you will see in my presentation then. So then it's some statistics about what we observed and what they answered. So it's it's interesting information, I think. Uh, so as you said uh, remote controls are often lost somewhere in the room. Um it takes too much time to learn how to use the remote control for thirty five percent of the people. Uh Yeah, but this is what we would ask to the users, so. Regarding the first line, what So we're just expecting no more use of the teletext. As you all know, you know m my job is to design you know uh to give an industrial design of the remote control. We can think that you know, with the wire, you know, without a wire. If it is a lot cheaper and if you want to reach for example some the the money you have, if you want to use, so it can be good to have a wireless, it it is a question. Doesn't need to be completely yellow, but just mm. Mm so um I suppose the first to do the presentation will be the User Interface Designer. So so I'll I let David Jordan do his presentation. So you propose to to have the remote control which will be powerful. So powerful, many functions and very easy to use. Yeah, but I think the wireless problem is more the um David Jordan's problem. Mayb maybe you have just to to kind of research or try to ask people if they will like something wireless or not. If you need to have special colours for remote controls it will cost more. So, we want something fancy, as uh previously said, Florent, something very easy to use, powerful and also as uh it's written here, seventy five percent of users, they zap lot, so maybe just having many functions in one button is not that good if you want to zap a lot. As we say, we put the fashion in electronics, so it has to be a fashion remote control. But uh that's your your job to find something mm matches. And so specific instructions will be sent to you by your personal coach. But if we have very very good user interface it take less time for user to learn how to use it. Because we can We can uh mix uh several function in one button. Like for for example you can uh you can category the function i i into several classes. For example, if you have remote control you you can rem you can control your T_V_ and also you can control your uh recorder. So there's a different functions, but i if you you there's a button you can switch between control T_V_ and control your recorder. But what I'm not so sure is about how to make the remote control look funny look fancy, not funny.", "The User Interface Designer discussed  some characteristics and functions to consider in designing the remote and introduced an idea for giving the remote international appeal by merging it with a system such as Google. The Industrial Designer discussed the interior workings of a remote and presented options for components and materials which would keep costs low. The Marketing Expert presented consumer preferences and requirements. The project manager introduced the new requirements for the project. The team then discussed different features they could include in the design of the remote. "], ["Well, I think we should set the the points to to drive the project and uh Yeah, from the account manager. I think our uh responsibilities will be assigned when we in our mail we received from the account manager. Well, I think we can have a little discussion about what has to be done and what are your ideas about the Well, w we want to have a new re remote control for for T_V_ distribution I guess. Well I I think that Norman and I would think about um the technical points and um we should discuss it in the next meeting, or Yeah. Yeah, by content or by channel, it's a good idea. And uh we we have to find a way how to gather information about the contents. I think i it's not very difficult to to browse by channel but it's a little bit tricky to browse by contents so I think that's the the things to do and uh to uh reflect about it and uh discuss it in the next meeting. I think it's for your guys to how to design it all the aspects so you need that information. I mean the main uh function of remote control is to have something in the hand and we should be very careful about the size of the remote control. I mean, we have a option in the remote control. Kay, we can So there are three kinds of designs, that's all. You just tell the television I want which channel. Just say maybe I just want to press I wanna have a button for all the movies tonight. Ah w w we have sometimes to use the white-board. Uh, not yet, but if you want Do you want do you want me to send you a mail? You mean the external or Yeah of g of course. So we have five minutes to Ah you can y you can you can use it if you so, can we S You it. If if you you you can if you want you can use th the.", "The Project Manager introduced the project to the group. The group set an agenda for the meeting and discussed the materials sent to them by the Account Manager. They discussed and explained their roles in the project. The group began a discussion about their initial ideas for the product. They discussed several usability features: adding speech recognition and an option to choose what to watch by channel or by content, reducing the number of buttons by using the television screen to display options, and adding a light adaptation system. All participants were instructed to gather more information for the next meeting, the functional design meeting. "], ["Oh yeah, that's a good that's a good point, so. If you have the language, you have to develop for each country. I if you say one, he switch to channel, yeah. Yeah but so you need a camera and you know a microphone inside your remote control. But uh I think a user need Don't have a the the Yeah if we can send email from it. Because the p the problem I can see with with the voice or the gesture itself wh what can happen in a family i i for example if Yeah And for all the person of the family maybe, so, yeah. It's uh oth the oth so I It's the working design. Ecologists, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. But And it is a kind of other design, I mean. But and the problem is I I'm we can infer i if you have v voice control why not to put it directly on the the T_V_, so speak directly to the T_V_ and you don't need a remote control actually, so. It is just, you know, it is not the most important, but it can be a part of Yeah, yeah. Not very complex commands, but easy commands, so. Yeah, simple ones for expensive buttons Yeah, to make some new Yeah. The last one is uh intelligent controller. So there are three concepts in our controller. Yeah, it's very, you know if you're Yeah. There this is the three concepts of our controller. Yeah, that's that's the advantage of intelligent controller. You can see they can switch form one modality to another. Would y would you replace your controller with a controller with similar function if you do not have some some function inside it that Yeah, you y that's a fun that's not the function of the controller, that's a function of T_V_. With Frahan, then you can prepare your slides, then present it later. Because then you need uh I mean this doesn't have uh the power to do recognition, for example. Yeah, this could be downloaded by the web maybe, or Yeah. Or is it do you think it should be only voice recognition and gesture recognition? But if if if it like doubles uh no one would would be interested. No, I mean Y No, but you need you need new remote controller then. Uh thi this I mean, the user is not only interested in having speech or gesture recognition or if he has something that works fine and is really fancy, looks nice and it's easy easy to use, easy to use. So again, it's pretty much similar to what I've said in the previous meeting. Like the one you've shown, David, with all the buttons and I mean i i it sounds good technically but it's it's not what they want and uh So, second point is they still want it it to be technologically innovative, so maybe it's sort of related to what you've said with the speech recognition and so on. Wha what we really see this year is that uh everything from clothes to shoes and furniture is is inspired by fruits and vegetables, okay, so I think we really have to take this into account for the design of the the thing. Uh the remote control has to be technologically innovative, it's three. And the other point I haven't mention is people wan want to have a spongy touch, okay so this is this maybe doesn't really fit with the wooden design. Maybe not no wood, but I mean ma maybe not the part you touching you know. We'll have big discussion I suppose after that, so. You're not you're not obliged to share it. So you think it won't cost an Not a lot for us? Suppose we're we want to sell it in France. And what about voice recognition, do we have microphones? Do you think if we're far from television it will work? But here you say you want to use i uh s technology. Yeah, and i if you we want to put fashion in electronics maybe we can try to do something with wood.", "The User Interface Designer presented three different concepts to consider for the user interface and introduced the idea of using speech recognition in the design of the remote. The team discussed the issue of using speech recognition at length. The Industrial Designer presented possible materials to use in making the case for the remote, introduced the option of using a solar battery, and discussed options for buttons. The Marketing Specialist  discussed recent findings from trend watching reports. The team discussed what materials to use and their interface concept. "], ["I'm the Industrial Designer for this project. Also the conceptual design and the detailed design for the final product. Um, but that doesn't mean they're completely not sociable, 'cause they enjoy interacting with humans as well, and they seem to enjoy the good things like sunshine and, um, running around outside as well as being inside, and enjoying their food, and generally just, they just seemed so cool and they just know what they're doing. Um, I'll be telling you guys about the user requirement specifications for our new product. And then it landed on the wall next to me. But this part was all brown and then it has these big blue dots like this. And then it kinda there was a green, I think it was a green ring, and there was like red going out like this. Um, right it's gonna be a really funny dog, 'cause I'm not sure how to draw a dog. That This, that does not look like a dog. Just gonna attempt to make this into a slide show. Okay we'll have to deal with it like this then. This is the first meeting uh for developing our, our new product. And, um, it needs to be user-friendly for, um, maybe, for an example, for people that, um, can't see the numbers as well, or, um, perhaps an ergonomic design. I believe I should be taking minutes on this right now. Um, why that, why that should be your favourite animal. alright, so And it goes like Yeah it's got like big antlers, yeah. And so we have to, um, come up with a way to, to create a, a uh remote control, where um we can like the price to create it will be significantly less. Another thing for the design team to think about. Um, like you can go over your ideas, of course, in your own personal times. Um, you will get specific instructions, um, of what to do in the next half an hour.", "The project manager opens the meeting by introducing herself and asking everyone to say their name and role in the group. She then states the agenda of the meeting and tells them that they will be designing and creating a new remote control that should be trendy and user-friendly. The meetings will focus on functional, conceptual, and detailed design. Next, each group member draws their favorite animal on the whiteboard and explains the characteristics of that animal. After that the project manager covers the project budget, and then they begin discussing their personal experiences with remote controls and how they want their remote to look. Then the project manager closes the meeting by telling each group member what to do in preparation for the next meeting. "], ["There are a few questions that need to be answered, uh you already uh talked about it a little bit. And uh how big is the remote control uh going to be? So it's that's not as easy as it s might look like. Um then I've read more integration of materials means less cost for the production. The more we can make uh at once uh in one piece, uh that is cheaper. The switch uh uh uh if you p press it then some electrical charge goes into the processor, that thinks over a Morse code, that's how you should see it. You have infrared and an interv um uh how to say it? That makes it much more complex, so we really need to have a look, do we want that or not. Perhaps we should also make uh something like a flash on it, if you if it's lost, for people that are deaf. I have another idea, I'm not sure if it's possible. So I think people will pay they wanted to pay for comfort. Because it needs to be configured in the television under the menu. If we make it s uh smaller, uh less wide, then we need to m make it a little thicker, because I have to put all the electronics in it. M I personally would prefer it on the top. One more uh thing I'd like to say, uh let's give this uh a name, and not like some vague serial number that no one understands, like with cars. Oh, the the no no no no no, that's very important, but uh w and not important in the audio settings, display settings and uh Yeah. And they want maybe an uh L_C_D_ screen um to to look it um wh what's on every channel uh and uh what do I want with it? Yeah, with with an L_C_D_ screen you can Why? Around uh not uh not at top at the around the volume selection. And one And uh wha what people want, I've uh I have another thing uh Yeah. How much it will cost and Um It will come uh Yeah. Yeah, okay, yeah, that's yeah, that's okay. It sounds really easy, what does the user do, what does the th remote control do, but there are quite some issues. Uh so either we lose those or we try to make it a little bit more clear. This is not the final design, this is just a general idea of how I'd like to see uh basically the general idea. It's a good idea, but it's just not I don't think the market's ripe for that yet. Yeah, but we like some some curves or Yeah. That's pretty much what people are accustomed to, aren't they? But isn't that expensive in the entire package? To pay extra they want to pay for rechargeable? Now it's pretty much tucked away in your hand. Do we put the volume control and the channel control here, or do we put it on he Would we like to press it in the middle? So Yes, go and finish up and I'll see you at lunch. Wait for the marketing director actually, so. Anyways, um today three presentations, from every one of you. You should close it on your own notebook, I guess. Okay, we can we can hide those under a menu or something, okay. We wanna have a little preview on the remote control. No problem, it's it's okay, that's Yeah, go ahead. But I don't think it should be very it should be one of the big buttons for example. Or we can sh for example we can make a different a basic design. And sell the covers separately, for example. We make a basic one and manufacture this cover separately. So just I'm not sure if you came up with anything in the meantime, after making a presentation. I thin Yeah, I mean where else should you put it? I think we should go for universal, because apparently we're a separate company making separate c remote controls to sell to a lot of diverse people. Yeah, I think we're targeting everyone, so remote Okay, universal is good. Yeah, that's what I something I have to look into. Either either change both the buttons and and the cover or just the cover, I'm not sure which which is easier, so Um anyway, yeah, this is what we're gonna do afterwards, just lunch break and have more individual work after that, so let's see what we let's see we So you have to come up with a components concept, yeah. I mean it should be very intuitive, s Yeah, it should speak for itself. I don't think we should Yeah, for exam I'm not s yeah, for ex you have to make it a little decision between the part if you want a universal remote control that it should do what people usually do with their T_V_s, not not the very complicated settings that you can usually do that with uh either a old old remote control if they really hate that thing, but you can't you cannot take into consideration all the different brands of T_V_s. 'Cause everybody I have a universal remote control and it can use the menu button, so I think I'm not sure, if you can put some research into that, if it's possible. Not sure what because we have forty minutes, I'm not sure how much time we have left for the meeting anyway, so. So anyway, yeah, we could do some i do some work now on on the design for example. And flash takes up a lot of batteries again. No, because it Yeah, people are accustomed to that, it's Can I have that? I'm not sure y I'm not sure it's if it's expensive, but just take a look at it, because it might be a very good idea. I'm not sure, you should find out if it's if rechargeable is important. So um let's go through the Covers is covers is good. Yeah, if you have some financial information that that'd be nice, so. No, it wasn't wasn't allo it was possible, not allowed, so. All it tells just let's make make a new tick the new one. Yeah, let's increase it a little because Yeah, draw us up some some designs of of possible just keep in mind that the important buttons should be on top and either big, so the more less important More or less. Yeah, but But I think most modern T_V_s have it in their menu. Uh we'll we'll see what we can come up with. We should see if what it costs, if it's possible. Yeah, but you have to j just keep in mind it shouldn't be too heavy. So let's say that people would want an L_C_D_ thing. Maybe in a circle for example, like we like in this example. I think this is not good, but for we could make circular buttons for example. Yeah, but we have to see what the si what the size is. Either this one, this this could be the luxurious one.", "Customers are willing to pay more for fancier looking remotes. They like innovative technology like speech recognition and LCD screens. It also transpires that remotes are easy to lose. Everyone agreed that they need to incorporate a locating mechanism in their design, and that changeable covers could make appealing-looking remotes. The need for clarity of button functions was mentioned. On the other hand, materials should be more durable. The function of the remote is relatively simple: by pressing a button a current is passed to the chip, and defines what signal is to be sent to the receiver (the TV) via infrared. There are some new requirements: the target group will be people below 40, the device will have to be for TV only, they should ignore the teletext function, and, also, the remote should be recognisable as a Real Reaction product. They drew some of their ideas, and discussed the positioning of the buttons and the LCD. The most used buttons are going to be placed on top. It might be possible to use a charger for the remote. The concept of the design will be finalised in the next meeting. "], ["Oh my gosh, I'm never gonna be able to draw that well. Guess Couldn't we have like one that comes out? Like so you have one in like mm it doesn't have to be really thick. Um.. But what'll make it what'll make it interesting for people to buy though? Dunno if any of you have seen Napoleon Dynamite before. Yeah it seems like there's like there's sort of a tension between two ideas, I mean, you want you want one remote that maybe can work uh all all of the functions of T_V_ and if you have whatever associated with T_V_ the D_V_D_ player, or something like that, but like at the same time you don't wanna really busy remote with a thousand buttons on it or something. I'm not sure if that's like I'm not sure if it's a good idea to have a two sided remote though, 'cause it would be very hard to use in the way that you mani manipulate it. Um so I mean we still have time in our next meeting to come up with the actual concept for the user interface, but the the functions that we're sure that we want are that it can control the T_V_, but also devices connected to the to the T_V_, I mean, be able to operate D_V_D_ players, things like that. Remotes spinning out from other remotes and having little nested remotes inside. And uh dunno know why but looks like nice to me. Is this a T_V_ one we are supposed to make? Could be really light or, I dunno, something special. Opening, acquaintance, tool training and project plan, discussion and then closing. Are we are we going for like like telephones are going little teeny tiny things or we are going for something that's that's big and Video and ts hi-fi and stuff. Well we've got a k we've got a few ideas there. See 'cause, I'm just thinking bearing in mind th we've gotta we have to have something that's cheap to make. Or just one that looks really fucking cool. And in marketing User requirements specifications. Oh, we've been warned to finish the meeting now.", "The project manager introduced the upcoming project to the team and then the team members participated in an exercise in which they drew their favorite animals and discussed why they liked those particular animals. The project manager discussed the project finances and the team engaged in a brainstorming session about various features to consider in designing a remote. The project manager then further discussed the roles of the team members. "], ["So um basically I'm just gonna go over real quickly um some news I've just got from the board on how we're supposed to do with this um remote control. So basically uh what I've just found out from the board I dunno if you guys got this email as well but it needs to be television only. So basically um given those guidelines which will have some effect on how we design we'll discuss it later I mean 'cause it's television only we'll be able to change our uh um well we can s sacrifice more function for a better television remote. So um yep I'll just uh switch that back here. So maybe this we should look into this younger demographic. Or an isolated magnet or something like, or you know something that wouldn't interfere I don't know that'd be the technical thing but yeah I like that, I like that, the voice recognition for the paging system. Mm 'kay um so I'm seeing that we're gonna just basically focus on this young demographic group, aim it at them, but then in a sense that its bells and whistles are available for anybody who wants them but basically we'll make a sleek simple functioned um uh remote control. Um I think we've had a bit of discussion already on this thing, n s there any other questions comments that came up in these presentations? Let's based on what sh on what you guys have all said to me let's go for a plastic built or uh b plastic cased 'cause tha tha that's easy on the cost, try to look for some kind of high quality recycled plastic as you recommended and I think that's a great idea. With a touch screen for the basic functions. Um do we have Mm wait a minute it occurs to me that if we have a touch screen people are going to have to recharge their remote controls. Um cool so any last things before we break? And too much metal can cause remotes to behave unexpectedly by receiving false signals. The chip, um, silicon based chip I don't really see any way around that, we can't really be different in that respect. I think it would be possible to uh combine the locator device and the voice recognition technology. It seems like, we're not gonna be able to handle all these functions with just one microchip. Off the top of my head it sounds kind of like a gimmick that wouldn't really go anywhere. They just want it to be on and ready to go. Here we have a uh my technical functions design presentation. As you also notice it's quite a boring design. Um it also has a bit of a cheap look and it's also quite boring. A little sticky pad to stick on top of your uh television. Um pretty much through testing we were finding out that most of the time, everybody's used to using changing the channel, turning it on, using the volume, m the majority of the time that's all that's going on, the other functions happen, for some people they're important, but the primary uses are really really basic. And um we also found out that uh fifty percent of our people, their the worst thing about a remote is how often they lose it. Um there's also a survey about what they liked about remotes, and pretty much they all think they're hideous and not very useful, and the younger demographics are all really interested in voice recognition options. Is that only gonna be within our two hundred foot range then? Yeah.@highlightThe Project Manager went over new requirements for the project:", "The Project Manager went over new requirements for the project: that the device was solely to control television, and that there would not be a teletext component. The Industrial Designer gave his presentation on the basic components of a remote control device, and advised the group to use plastic for the casing material instead of metal. The User Interface Designer presented the technical functions of remote controls and compared the interfaces of two existing remote control products. The Marketing Expert made a presentation of the needs and the desires of the consumer and emphasized simplicity as one of the most desired features. The group discussed in more detail the features that will be added to the device: the possible applications of voice recognition, the touch screen menu interface, faceplates, and the look of the company logo. "], ["Okay, let's have your um let's get have the uh presentation? They make left-handed scissors, you know. That's gonna cost ten ten Euro seventy cents a unit to make. So on the technical side of it it Easy to use. Did you have to go down to the the corporate squash court and bash a few balls about? I think So I I, you know, and I think we've co we have come we've come up with something new, something that hasn't been done before, we haven't we're not just rehashing an old design. Yeah, two years' time this will be on the market. But um No, I think when this meeting's finished like officially, there b we'll get a uh questionnaire to fill in. Well, this is very marketable in that it is it's it's something that's kind of new and looks a bit quirky for people who want that, it's that it's um, hang on, I wrote it down here somewhere Oh no I thi I put it in one of my e-mails that I sent off. Your index finger is channel up, middle finger is channel down, ring finger is volume up, your pinkie is volume down. So all the, I mean the important keys are right at your f f you know right at uh at a convenient place for you to to access them. So d does that uh what mesh with what you guys were hoping and for and expecting or does it Ah, that's good thinking, yeah. And we're actua actually making a better profit than we expected. Yeah, during our design I mean there was some s some heated heated discussion, but we we kept we tried to keep it cool and and just just We just had to we just had to squeeze our product a little bit and Now you guys have been a a great team. Yeah I think they're actually trying to find ideas for a ideal remote. So at this stage, I mean, is this the last meeting of the project? We don't uh have another one after it's gone gone to marke market or something? It was fifty mil fifty million I don't remember. I guess it's probably better that we wrap it up than have five minutes of silence. Right, I think they do want to do hand writing recognition on that, it's just the first step. But um, it's it's made edible 'cause, yeah. Yeah, but then but then you can learn to use your right h like I was just thinking if there's left-handers and right-handers in the family, what, they have two remotes? This is where we all get to I get to write on the, oops, on the board. We're gonna do it all together so we evaluate each criteria. And the criterias are, and I'll draw this up on the board so we have a box. I think i it would, could be, could get lost.", "The interface specialist and industrial designer presented their prototype to the team and discussed the features the prototype contained. In presenting the prototype, the issue arose that the prototype could only be used with the right hand. The team then looked at the production costs of the remote and found that their remote was actually under budget and that they could retain all the features they had originally decided upon without exceeding the target cost. The team evaluated the prototype on the basis of its look and feel, technological innovation, ease of use, costs, and its ability to be misplaced. Overall, the prototype performed very well in meeting all the criteria of the evaluation. The team then evaluated the project process, finding that they were happy with their product and their performance in the project. "], ["So, are you d what were j you guys discussing? So too bad we don't have any finance information apparently. Yeah, but it's Yeah, uh it wasn't it wasn't in the options, a rechargeable m module actually. We'll do that when y when you get your design. But I didn't I didn't go on the thought of a scroll-wheel actually. I'm still deciding on what what what could you use it for. Yeah, but if it's if it's not useful, I don't think it I don't think it gives an extra function to the remote. Anyway What you what what'd you get on the L_C_D_ screen? So Yeah, but we got some data on people that actually are int are interested in that, and I don't think a scroll-wheel offers new functionality, whereas speech recognition and L_C_D_ screen do offer new functionality in your product. Uh I think so, because if I think we're specially w if you're going maybe uh if you have the two editions you wanna wanna give out, probably you have one with uh with speech recognition and Um Yeah, hold on a minute. Or Okay, so just yeah, you can rest it on your finger. Keys are probably the n the number keys, I suppose. So it would that would give us a totally different design. Okay um, let's just assume we go to forty one. Yeah, w th apparently Yeah, apparently yeah, maybe also yeah, I tend to disagree with with uh with a sharp form. Not not really the curves on the on the side of the remote. The chip is advanced because we have the advanced features. Anyway, um apparently you guys, you should work together on the final design, both on internal and external design. Let's see what if you can come up with anything new. Is it is it the lights for for finding the finding remote or lights that it that Yeah, I think that should just be a simple LED or something. Okay, I assume it for so we take a r take a round power button right here. Think we need an extra button here of course for yeah, like you had for the higher numbers. And you could include a button here for the mute, I suppose. Well we could we could include either here or here, for example. Anyway, so this is the basic design, we wanna have um on and off what are we missing? If it looks um Okay, so we want the remote to be the s the side view actually, what I'm gonna draw. So have your finger under here like this, I suppose? Do we want something interesting with it or see. And just s s Stop the curve here or continue it So we have our L_C_D_ screen. I suppose I suppose we can put um let's see. Um Uh I suppose we can put the batteries in here because it has the most space, for example. Why uh once again, like you said, the component can be somewhere at the bottom while we wire the microphone up there. Um yeah, it could be either be here or make a double microphone. Um, so the flashing of the beep, we have well anything. Okay, I think we're everybody satisfied with the with the current design we have? Well, don't don't stick yourself on the covers right now. And th that's just so much things that make it look flash I think channel selection would be annoying because it just c you could scroll past the channel or Hmm.. No r no scroll-wheel. I thought it was gonna be a cost issue which material we were gonna take relative to the advanced chips or anything. So you just do whatever you like and uh doesn't care what it costs. Of course this is more expensive than this. I suggest that we uh decide on that one uh immediately. Uh we can make a model that has one curve, two or three. Of course uh the more curves the more expensive. I have to offer a plastic, rubber, wood or titanium. Uh if we choose plastic, we cannot choose solar cells for energy. If we choose titanium, uh we cannot use more than one curve. I think we have to decide on this anyway. So Interface, uh I have four things to offer, pu uh normal push-buttons of course. We have a large history, our company, on push-buttons. Ah we don't need it, but it's uh it's design a design thing. Is that s Uh I only know that if we are using that, we need ano uh an advanced chip in it. Uh that's no longer an option, it has to be an advanced one now. But I think, according to my information, this would be two curves. Like um like it hangs over your hand a little bit. Then it will bounce and you don't drop it so easily. Or give a special edition uh with with Mm. We already have a sound component, by the way, for the beep. I should be getting new information, I guess. To have it flashy, to have it it's for young people. Oh, so many things have no function, just design. It just uh shuts itself down and Oh.. Yep. Th they you s you see it in the clothes and everything. So uh rubber, I think uh th that's the best. Yeah, in in form of an uh vegetable or an uh fruit, maybe. All uh veg uh fruit and vegetables are round. But it But it's that that's for the comfort. So these are basically the two types we have. So if we were to select the L_C_D_ screen, the transmitter here, you can see the light i Well we can shift that. For zapping, cau because people are zapping most of the time. As you can see here, this can be spaced for extra keys, which is the design thingys. Then rubber would be the best as a material indeed. The idea now is is is that you can uh put a cover on it, for example, with fruit, like a shape or whatever. But not 'cause a n next year it will it'll be something completely different. So I think that's more something you can focus Well, you can s What you can do is smooth the edges indeed. But isn't the f the fruit like a cover thing, because we No, but But if we put that directly into the design, we limit ourselves extremely. We could set up a a marketing uh agreement. So what's basically edi the editi idea, sorry, now? Yeah, but when you use covers, it basically easier to have a n have a neutral colour on the base.", "For the conceptual design, the ID suggested to use kinetic dynamo as energy source. The decision veered towards the basic battery option with no recharging station. They also decided to go for a single-curved design. The available materials for the casing are plastic, wood, rubber and titanium. Possible interfaces are push buttons, scroll wheels, and LCDs. The inclusion of advanced features, like LCD screen and speech recognition, can only be speculative, because the team have no pricing information. The UI presented two provisional designs, standard and luxury. The latter has an LCD screen at the top. They are both rectangular with a curve grooved in where the finger rests. There are two lights to help find the remote, all the standard buttons and speech recognition. The marketing expert talked about the public's preference for looks over technological innovation; however, they both seem to be more important than ease of use. The current fashion among younger people favours bright colours and fruit and vegetable themes and spongy materials: pertinent exchangeable fronts can express such trends on the remote. Based on the UI's drawing, they designed another version shaped slightly like a banana, and discussed the positions of buttons and all other components. "], ["Uh, maybe I'll have something in my uh presentation. Uh, the shapes are curved and round, like uh you also said. Maybe it's nice to uh get a remote control not like all the other ones, straight and uh flat and long. Uh, the the form of the remote control, I think it's also nice have it curved. And they go to a uh supermarket and buy them uh for two Euros. A scroll wheel requires minimally a regular chip, which is a higher price range. It's like some sort of uh teletext option, but we don't have teletext. They were like round curves, uh different uh Okay, okay, okay. Personally, I think two scroll buttons uh aren't easy to handle. Uh, then you can also have like uh th um Yeah, and joystick, I think. Yeah like in a laptop, s uh s some sort of thing. It's more expensive or less expensive, huh? If we don't use a scroll, then we can use the simple chip. If you have a joystick on No, if you have like uh an uh uh a ni a uh Playstation uh game controller. Then you have uh just, yeah, a little bit curved. Well th and the young and trendy, they uh they starting to like uh fruit and vegetables uh as a theme for n uh clothes, shoes, and also uh products. They like uh dark colours, and simple, recognisable shapes. And um, they also like uh familiar material, uh especially wood. However, with trends it's always if there's it's now. And i if we go to uh But if we have uh a me Yeah. The bu uh the mute button to switch the volume on and o on and off. But uh, these we we have to choose the right icons, or or letters. But if you put push the the menu button Yeah, wh what Yes, but you don't know which of the scroll buttons you have to choose. Yeah but, has to be clear that you can use the arrows. But then it's not easy to use scroll uh wheel. Maybe one of you can paint it on the board. Yes, a concept on uh Just Yeah, but maybe we can paint it. One with two scroll buttons and one with without. Uh, one with a with a menu, and one without a menu. But is it uh Does that break, a joystick? For the young peoples I think scroll button's good. Yeah, but is it That's not expensive than uh Joystick is better. And uh, we If you use the L_C_D_, we have to Yes, okay. And then you can y N well, if you have to look at it. So Next meeting is called the detailed design.", "The industrial designer gave a presentation on the interface concept, discussing which buttons will be needed and then looking at some examples of existing remote controls. He suggested using a yellow case with rounded edges and the logo at the bottom, and large, clearly marked buttons. The interface expert informed the group that young people like curved shapes, soft materials and primary colours, and suggested making a hand-shaped remote in plastic and rubber. He talked about the possibility of using a scroll button, and the different chips which could be used. The group discussed using an LCD screen, but did not have enough information about costs to make a decision. The marketing expert talked about new trends, including the trends for spongy materials and fruit and vegetable themed products. The group had a discussion and decided to create two designs, one with an LCD screen and one without, and the interface designer drew them on the board. They put off making a final decision about using an LCD screen, scroll buttons and a menu button until they could find out about costs. "], ["I just wanna 'cause basically I can't re I've really crap at remembering everyone's name so I just wanna rather than going uh Miss Marketing and Miss this and Miss that wanted to know your names again. 'S just a bit nicer calling people by their names I think. Um this is gonna go a lot better than the last meeting, basically, uh 'cause I know what I'm supposed to be doing now. We'll we'll uh talk about what we actually need as a final coming together of it all. It's uh probably down to about thirty five minutes now. Don't feel pressurised into using this thing. Um have you found that anyone else has do has looked into the locking function or Yeah. So it's kinda gotta look it's gotta look new and s you know something fashionable. You are a child of technology, aren't you? Uh but do the younger generation have the money? It's older generation, they're the ones that have gone out and People people from the age of thirty f there's a big drop off there. I would say scra I'd say scrap that straight off. I think, we should just go with the simplest option on everything, uh and that would be infra-red, energy source, that would be batteries. So I think we're all um pretty sussed on that. Can you all d e-mail me your e-mail addresses?. Is it yellow and black or is it yellow and blue? Yeah, alternate energy source, like win wind power or Bicycle power. One question I have, and I don't know how much control we have over this is um, as far as the infra-red signal, do we have control over, you know, how far away you can be from the receiving unit, the the T_V_, and still have it be operational? I mean, maybe we want one with a strong signal stream. we don't want to do something that's too radical of a change, I guess, I mean people want a remote that's familiar, that has their favourite functionalities um and and does the basics, but Um so we can improve what's out there and maintain that, the basic functionality that people want. So, the engineering centred ones uh provide a lot of functionality, but it can be a little bit overwhelming, so the user centred ones just focus on ease of use. I mean obviously another exists like you like you said in in mobile phones. I've, haven't I've never seen a locking functionality. Yeah, we should probably consult with our legal department uh. I think we can do some really in in that department, the the ergonomic department, we can make some some really good improvements. Yeah, it seems like we're all on the pretty much on the same page. D I mean, I I'm finishing off my presentation. Instead of using infra-red, use Bluetooth. The blue thing.. Well, function F_ eight. Okay, so they don't like the look of the remote control. Not quite sure what they mean, zap, goes like. Um takes too much time to learn how to use a new remote. I think especially for uh the older generation. So the working design, I've got a very quick presentation on this, so um I've oh no, you can't see a thing. So um I think maybe uh two batteries, I dunno what they're called six, or something like that. Well maybe they shouldn't watch so much T_V_ then. Maybe it could be, instead of pressing button it could be just touching a Yep.. Well, in the project announcement, you've got the addresses, I think.", "The project manager had the team members re-introduce themselves and then briefed the team on his own duties and on the meeting agenda. The industrial designer discussed the interior workings of a remote and the team discussed options for batteries and infra-red signals. The user interface designer discussed what features the remote was required to have and presented two existing products which were based on different concepts. The project manager then introduced some new requirements to bear in mind when designing the remote. The marketing expert presented research on consumer preferences on remotes in general and on voice recognition and the team discussed the option to have an ergonomically designed remote. The project manager briefed the team on the decisions made so far and the team discussed color options for the remote. "], ["Alright, welcome back fro to the second meeting. Um, so we'll have to investigate how much that will cost us, cost the company, um 'cause it sounds very labour-intensive. You would have to hire a number of people, and it might be more expensive. We'll still have to investigate the financial implications. So those are what, um, we'll c construct the remote. Alright, well, um, are you ready for your presentation Genevieve? Except you're not hooked up to the Great. No problem, we can I'm sorry, what was that last thing that you just said? And another thing with um lots of surfing, we'd probably have to work on something that could be um a lot more durable, because I find with um channel-changers that, um, a lot of the numbers get rubbed down if they're printed on the button. If we're looking for a simplistic design, if We need to decide if that is our um intention is, is a simplistic design. Um, because if, if it is then I think voice, um voice-activated Yeah, and that would sort of negate the whole remote control thing, because if people can activate the television with their voice then they won't be using a, they won't be talking into a remote, I'm sure. So, um, all the remote controls must have our um We'll incorporate our logo and colour in in some way. So, um, perhaps um our logo on the bottom, or wherever you feel like it would look good. Um, so, now we need to discuss, um and come to a decision on our remote control functions, of, of how this is going to be. So, um, we already know that it'll just be for the television. That's your department you'll have to sort that out. Because it might, for, for our design purposes, I mean, the lighting up thing might be better because glow-in-the-dark material has a funny kinda colour. And it might not go with different like face plates that we might come up with. So I think that um that completes most of our um our more uh practical decisions. And um making sure that this can be feasible. 'Cause that wouldn't be very expensive at all. Well, that might be com problematic with um copyright issues. Um, does it need to be reached a de Do we need to reach a decision on that right now? Is it Does it need to be uh decided on now? So, it gives them much more flexibility, and allows them to be where they want to be. Um, from Uh, on a functional side of things, we found out that wh from our previous meeting, we decided that there're certain points that will make our product unique. Yeah they would, um you would make the, the product as you normally would, apart from the, the bits that hold it all together would be made out of this shape-memory alloy. But I haven't put this plan together yet. It could be a battery, like rechargeable probably. Like linked in with the teletext, or sort of like an teletext at your fingers, without having to access that through the television. Complicated jus complicating things even fo Mm. Would you like to plug in your Have you got a PowerPoint or not? Obviously something small that's Yeah, that's a good point. And also y, uh Heather you mentioned before, um like how it should be accessible to everybody. Let's I think we could probably leave that 'til later on, then. A multifunctional remote control, which can be used for several entertainment devices. Um, a single function just for the television itself. And it would be more profitable as it would be more simplistic. Might be quite expensive to do that though. I think it would be annoying though if I don't use teletext that much, but if it was on your T_V_, you'd want to be able to use it, if You'd Yeah. Just little arrows, that you could feel, maybe? So I think that should be our priority here. Um, seventy five percent of users of remote controls find them ugly. Um, so it is something that people care about. So the power button, obviously, in an hour is only used once. Hopefully the person's not turning on and off the T_V_. So people wanna be able to turn on the T_V_ with the remote control. And it's used on average four times an hour. Screen settings, which means brightness, colour etcetera, zero point five times an hour. We're getting to specific statistics here. Is that So like a running banner, underneath Oh. Um, maybe our designers can look into that. Ninety one point two percent said that they would pay extra money to have voice recogni voice recognition included on their remote control. Um, and you can see that number decreases a bit with ol s Interestingly enough, twenty five to thirty five is the lowest amount. Um and depending on how many members you have in households. You'd have an L_C_D_ versus just a, a normal clock. And we have to keep in mind the, the reliability of our research. Okay, so I Are we going to write off the L_C_D_ option? it doesn't It could it could be a tactile thing as well. S you know like up arrow down arrow for, for volume. I just thought that it, it might be sucking more battery power, if there, if it is a light up. It the it might be perceived as tacky, glow-in-the-dark.", "The project manager opens the meeting, asking the industrial designer to present first. The industrial designer begins talking about the functional aspect of the working design and features to make the product unique, such as visibility in the dark, locator alarm, and environmentally-friendly materials. To make an environmental impact, they could use smart materials that can be heated and cooled so that the individual components easily separate to be reused or recycled. The group asks some questions about this idea and then the interface designer presents about technical functions, explaining the difference between a multifunctional and single function remote. The group discusses the two types and decides that a single function design is more suitable for the budget. The marketing expert presents on user requirements by using research done on remote control users. She summarizes these findings andexplains her personal preference for a user-friendly, unique design since certain features could be too complex. The project manager receives some decision-affecting information from management, which she shares with the group. They have a discussion about the remote control functions and close the meeting. "], ["But they like dark colours, you said in the p Okay. And all the other remote controls are high-tech in buttons and uh and so on. But I th I don't think uh the scroll-wheels I had some I had some information about it too. I d I can't see uh any uh scenario where you would use a scroll-wheel with a button on it. Yeah, I believe uh if you have uh what we've earlier said, um the grip uh places in in the remote control. Yeah yeah, you can um I have some information about it. Uh in the voice recognition you say a word you can programme words like uh v uh volume up. But what about um the markets uh wants colourfuls uh designs? Okay, but we also uh we already need the regular chip for the sample uh sensor speaker oh, evalu But most infrared uh remote controls don't have to be pointed at all. The project drawing is for the next Yeah, right. But can there be uh wor can they work together? Yeah, that's possible, but then you have still the images on the rubber of the case. But can you can you go back to that slide? I'm sorry I I don't have any pictures of uh of this thing. You have to imagine it's a bit like a wave form. So it's uh a little more advanced in its in its shape. The the big remote control, something like that. Um for these casings we have uh different types of finishing. Which brings me to the different energy sources. You can scroll 'em, you can also push it. Um uh in the indicators we have the L_C_D_ displays, which means uh you can watch uh in a display w which channel you have chosen or something like that of the li amount of volume which is uh currently uh and we also have double scroll-buttons, which are just two of these things. Well, that that that's one possibility, okay. About um the components, uh just the hardware. We basically have uh three types of chips we can use and uh these chips incorporate all the Logica and um um uh hardware that is needed to send uh to send a signal. The titanium thing uh we have to skip it. Okay, um well um these scroll-wheels, I think uh they they can be they can be handy. Maybe that's an uh a different I think so, if you if you stick with the the simple uh straight-forward uh not curve design, i uh it's too dull. So I think this is the best of two worlds. We have decided we wanted to use the rubber? Yes, but our manufacturing department is not so advanced in its uh techniques. But we since we are concentrating on uh the younger group 'Kay. Not uh specifically uh an apple as a remote control or something. So we could provide both for the young and the old what they like. So it might attract uh the young customers. And yeah, the yeah, the older people liked wood. I believe uh Miss uh Tentel is with us as well, in the control room. Um the second thing, um I was th uh s thinking to myself, I have this little remote control, and I'm talking to it, but I still need to point to the television, because it works with infrared. Uh w wait a sec wait a se uh could you go to the previous slide? The feel of to be spongy Okay, so so, yeah, it might not be t uh it it shouldn't be too hard. And um colouring is important and and uh soft materials. Okay, Roo, could you do your presentation? And what I'm thinking about, maybe um we should make very light but um uh a grip um I mean this is how you hold a remote control. What about integrating a scroll-bar on this side? Um the voice function w with the infrared uh issue. But if you have carpets on the wall, which our natural loving friends probably do have, then um yeah, th th it might be a bit more of a issue. The case uh rubber with uh c one one uh one curve. Uh you talked about it before, the colours, grey and yellow. Uh if it's possible with uh different um covers, but I'm not sure if our suppliers can uh can help us with uh with such uh uh a wish. Well, I was more thinking about the fruit colours that the Ruud showed us before. Uh I mean th uh I think these colours are really what our young people are looking for. You could place a um uh this this would be the button. And you could place the indica th th the signals the No no, there's no painting, only uh yellow or But it's into the rubber. Um Sebastian, did you write enough decisions down?", "For the conceptual design, the marketing expert talked about the public's preference for looks over technological innovation; however, they both seem to be more important than ease of use. The current fashion among younger people favours bright colours and fruit and vegetable themes and spongy materials: pertinent exchangeable fronts can express such trends on the remote, and could also provide themes for other target groups. They could also add some rubber to provide easy grip of the device. Cases can be flat, single- or double-curved. They can be made of plastic, rubber, wood or titanium. Hand or kinetic dynamos, batteries, and solar cells can be used as energy sources. Possible interfaces are push buttons, scroll wheels, and LCDs. A way to make this device different would be to use a scroll-wheel on the side with integrated button for volume control and mute. Speech recognition can be implemented by adding a sample sensor and speaker on the remote. The final decisions also included combined battery with solar cells. The team will design a single-curved device with a scroll wheel and speech recognition, in black and yellow, the company colours. "], ["So, we're here today to to have our first kick-off meeting about uh this new project we're going to tak to talk about in a few minutes. Um so let's have a look to the the agenda. So we should target selling price of twenty-five Euro for this remote control and uh we have um which which would generate a profit of of um fifty million Euros, okay. O this is the next topic we have to discuss exactly, so let's go to it. So um so I'm waiting for your for your inputs very quickly because we have only three three minutes to go. Uh we'll have a new meeting soon and uh so the work every every of you ha have t d to do. This lapel is coming out once in a while. None of the other animals walk like this. And um they are the biggest terrestrial animal. So Indian elephant is having one bump, I think, and the African have two. And then there's a difference in the trunk of the animals, these elephants who are Indian and So at some for some elephants it's the trunk is having one Do we have some message there? kay I dunno why, but when I was a child I I wanted to be a a panther not a pink panther, or maybe yes.", "The project manager Sebastian opens the meeting. The rest introduce themselves, including Michael the interface designer, Guillermo the marketing expert, and Hemant the industrial designer. The project manager states the goal of the project, which is to develop a new remote control. It should be original, trendy, and user-friendly. He also mentions the three-step project- functional design, conceptual design, and detailed design. Then they take turns drawing their favorite animal on the white board. After that they briefly discuss finances. The remote control's target selling price of twenty-five Euro dollars and will be for the international market. They need to generate a profit of fifty million Euros. The question of whether the remote control should be for a specific device was brought up but not answered. The project manager closes the meeting, telling each group member what he is responsible for and reminding them that they will receive more information by email. "], ["Could could I see the scroll bar as uh as as a sort of shortcut? Okay, well the then we'll switch to my presentation. Yeah, the the price, the the number of items and the the sum. Um if you would if you look at the uh w w w what we could do to make it more um to make it just between the twelve Euro fifty, um then I did the following changes. Um I I guess if we leave the if we leave this one out, um oh. We do not have the time o uh now to to redesign the product. Does it will so it will be a two point five. The feel of the remote control is spongy. So No okay, but but for the options given, it's the most spongy one. Because we need to go on in for the time. Well, Ruud, what what do you think about it? For for the for this t uh type of market, I think it's a one. The product is is is uh b high qua uh has a high quality and and is uh advanced. Maybe we should have a radar uh function. Bu but well yeah, I know, but you're paying for th for the brand, because there are uh remote controls which control your stereo, television, D_V_D_, C_D_ player, for under twenty five Euros. About the project itself, not about the product. So uh it's not the calibration, it's the thing itself, I think. At least the um I wasn't explained how to do such a th Okay. So, we can uh redesign our uh Uh I would like to Oh. There are there are many ways of doing uh things uh on such a device. But Yes, but it but these are tasks that are only executed once, I think. Because we use spec uh specic uh special materials, the last item. It would be even more oh, you really like titanium. Well, but there are two parts in this remote control. So After all, I think personally I would give a two. So it's it's quite s complicated to get uh to get used to. You can use your voice to to programme it. So there was not really a process of uh Well Yes. But um how much time did we get for this meeting? Now, let's have uh a bottle of champagne..Well, you could use two of them to programme the um channels on the two channel button, 'cause you have to assign two channel new channels. yeah, that's uh how the fashion guys uh state it. So Uh well appar Yeah, but apparently uh we shouldn't evaluate yet. Is it uh And w yeah, w what they want wanted was uh colours and soft materials. Um I think think a one, 'cause v with a voice recognition you could add anything you want, so that's like um Maybe even because it doesn't look advanced. So Yeah..That's the same as uh on the top of it uh with the the round uh button. Why does the price and and the s oh, one uh exa yeah. And and does it But that's that's only for the buttons. We w we do have uh the rubber, we do have the colours. I believe it's If you uh ask yourself it offers enough features, I don't I don't think it is it has all the features um a normal remote has.", "The UI and ID presented a prototype drawing of the remote control design. It can be used as a normal remote, but the speech recognition also provides a more advanced alternative interface. The speech recognition works as a finding mechanism as well. The rubber case is yellow with grey or black, with buttons either made of plastic or rubber. An extra button could activate/deactivate the voice recognition. The prototype proved extremely over budget. The main contributing factors were the solar cell and speech recognition. One way to compensate for the loss of features, but still attract their target group, would be to add more colour to the design. After the costing, the original prototype was evaluated on a scale of 1(excellent)-7(very bad). The criteria used were fancifulness (2), technological innovation (2), ease of use (2.5), whether it is easy to find (1), sponginess (1.5), number of features (1). Finally, the team evaluated the project process in terms of creativity (choices too narrow), leadership and teamwork (happy with it, but they missed communicating in between meetings), and means (SMARTboard was not satisfactory, but the digital pens were alright, but not too useful). The delay in providing costs of components was criticised. "], ["Yeah th I I can I can address some of that issue, I think, with uh my presentation. Transistors amplify that signal and it goes to the T_V_'s centre, which interprets the signal response accordingly, changes channel etcetera. Um fibreglass and thin copper wire to create the actual circuit board itself. An L_E_D_, which is a light emitting diode, um contact discs for the buttons, plastic for the casing, and a power-source, whatever power-source we've actually determined we want. Um just talking to the um manufacturing division. Um certain restrictions do apply here though. So depends on what we decide we wanna do. In addition to that if we're offering all those different options to the customer for producing their remote, we're going to have to have multiples of each type, like a double-curved in rubber, um you know, each option should have a certain select number produced with all those options. Honestly I'd recommend like um uh since we're going with batteries instead of solar power, I'd recommend maybe a uh soft like latex, because we could produce, you know how cellphones have those overlays that you can change the colour. So I think having a key-phrase is much better. Well, how about a initial, you get one battery when you buy it, 'cause I'm pretty sure we can get them pretty cheap on bulk. Yeah, I don't think we should do that, because that would just be icky. There's nothing saying that we have to put the logo on the front of the actual The only problem is we're using a latex overlay so it actually would go over top of everything and have holes for the buttons, so I was thinking maybe instead of doing that what we could do is leave a space for where the logo should be. Uh since we do put the fashion in electronics, it is kind of important how our product looks. So in Milan and Paris recently the trends have been showing that clothing, shoes and furniture are basically just covered with fruits and vegetable patterns. I don't know really, I mean I guess the spongy could relate to the buttons if we want to rather than like a hard clicky button that you find on like some mobiles and stuff, you'd want like a softer touch. Um so design preferences, um we need easy to read like large buttons, clearly labelled so that, I mean 'cause we talked about that being a problem. Um and that could also tie in with the colour scheme. Uh we need the Real Reaction logo and colour scheme obviously. That's one of our key goals, we wanna promote our product. Yeah, 'cause we need to know how big it's gonna be and how heavy. A phone, whoa, that would wow, that would hurt. Oh, then maybe voice maybe voice activation won't be good. Yeah, n n no, we just want it to be a finder. But do can your can the department make Oh, brilliant then. We could think about it and come back to it next meeting. Like if we like the one all the way on the left, uh you ca you can see it on your computer better. And the picture particularly is pointing out if you look at the top volume button it's a V_, and so yo you're kind of feeling a V_ like volume up. Either that or just have it by shape, for example you have a specific triangular shape that you know you're looking at the up and down arrow. Um this is sort of an example of going for a s certain demographic. Um and then the other thing that it would be able to do is just to pro be ab you program certain channels that only these children would watch, so it's like they ch watch, you know, the C_ Beebies or something like that, uh keep them away from other channels. So that's like another ar Um, I mean, these are three examples sort of looking at it. None of them I'm particularly keen on by the way. Well, that depends on what the energy is needed. It doesn't necessarily replace the entire top. We're gonna have three presentations, one from each of you again. Um Courtney would you mind starting us off? Do we wanna go for batteries or a stand like the one that we saw illustrated earlier? Okay, so what kind of material do we want to be made out of? I don't think we should do voice, I think we should just do um the recognition for when it's lost, you know. Well, for some reason I can't get it to just go to that slide directly. Okay, and right now, the I_D_ and U_I_D_, you two are going to work together on a prototype using modelling clay. Okay, and you should all be getting an email pretty soon.", "The Marketing Expert presented more information on user requirements which showed that users wanted the look of a high-tech device that was still simple to use. She presented the fruit and vegetable fashion trend that the group will integrate into their design. The User Interface Designer presented several ideas for the interface design taken from existing product designs. The Industrial Designer discussed the necessary internal components and presented options for energy sources and materials. The User Interface Designer also presented the sample speaker technology recently developed by the company. The group had a discussion to finalize the prototype features. It was decided that the device will be small with a locator function instead of having a charging stand. Voice recognition will not be included outside of the locator function. It will be covered by interchangeable latex casings. To incorporate the company logo and color, the buttons will be illuminated yellow when pressed and the logo will be displayed through the latex casings. The Project Manager instructed the User Interface Designer and the Industrial Designer to build the prototype, with the User Interface Designer deciding which buttons will be included. The Marketing Expert will prepare a prototype evaluation. "], ["I'd uh like to welcome you to our first meeting. Um but first of all we I'd like to uh introduce you to this room. Um you have to put your laptop exactly in that field so the little cameras can see your face. Um well I said uh we're working on a project and the aim for the project is to to create a to design a new remote control which uh has to be original, trendy and of course, user friendly. As you can see, all of these phases consists of two parts, namely individual work part and a meeting where we will discuss uh our work so far. Um and then you can write things like test or whatever you want. And you can also um let's see I think it's here uh change the uh colour of your pen, for instance take a blue one and uh change the line width like to five. Um and a favourite characteristic can be just uh one word. Well I'm not very good at drawing, but I will uh go first and um try to draw Or maybe you should guess what I'm drawing, eh. And I hope our project group will not be slow, but we will uh work to a good result and do it uh as fast as we can. Um from the finance department I have learned that we are aiming for a selling price of twenty five Euros. And the production cost will be twelve Euro fifty max. I've wrote down some examples here of what we can can speak about. Um the Marketing Expert will uh will take a look at the user requirement specification. Uh well those instructions will be uh in the email you will receive uh shortly, I hope. And of course you have your own uh expertise. Well Well uh I'm uh and my uh function is User Interface Design, I think. Perhaps that you have a lot of road remotes r road con remote controls. Yes, perhaps you can integrate them or something. So So I should look at uh what you should be able to do with the remote, or uh, or how I don't really Right. They use batteries and batteries uh and poor signal. When I think of it uh I think the main idea uh of this remote remote control is uh to make it user friendly. Okay, but uh I think that most people uh th uh will buy the remote control because because uh the first they lost the one they lost first one or the first one is broken, so uh uh perhaps they have a got a an older television, so that option is not uh optional for those uh people. Yeah, th it it's I think that's not Yeah, okay.", "The project manager acquainted the team with the tools and equipment around them and then had the team members introduce themselves by name and what role they had in the project. The project manager then introduced the upcoming project along with more tools and equipment to the team members. The team members then participated in an exercise in which they drew their favorite animals. After the drawing exercise, the project manager talked about the project finances and production costs. The team then discussed their experiences with remotes and various features to consider when producing a remote. "], ["And I'll just take a few minutes and uh go through the previous minutes. And then we'll have uh forty minutes for finishing up. Um, we just refreshed our our uh goal of making the finest remote control available. Um we decided that, or we know that we need to use company colours, company logo. Um and that they often lose the it's easy to lose a remote. Um which were all things we were thinking we would wanna make it simple. Have it s be something that looks different. Um from energy source, um uh what we would use. Batteries because we don't wanna have a a cable. Um Um something that will fit into uh easily into someone's hand. Okay and I will leave that, leave it at that. Possibly uh like a cover like they have for mobile phones? What's the approximate per hundred thousand for the titanium? Works well in Arizona but in Edinburgh not so No I think I think batteries are probably the way to go. I would say, if I were to make a decision, I would probably put the fruit aspect at the lower lower end of the spectrum of of importance. So Um I guess we should pick the case then. We could have a complex one or a a non-complex. So we would, we would have the L_C_D_ screen? ' You surf your favourite channels uh with your voice. Um then there's things like this, which is a a a kid's remote, where the the parents have the facility to control and program what children can watch before. Just little things like that, which would need to be made clear in the design. And then just have the simple sort of hand-held thing that we sort of devised earlier, as the actual remote. They wouldn't have any they're just on the exterior. You could just sell it in different colours as well I suppose. And the base station might not be necessary. We need to keep it simple, have limited buttons, which I think the two piece idea might be really beneficial for. I don't know, I mean I guess the two options are if we had our remote in the shape of a fruit or vegetable. So maybe we could have something that's somewhat removable, or I don't know, different options for female, male target groups. I guess we could look at mobile phones and other technology that's out there. The details of the components' design, as you can see there, what we have is the board, main board of the remote control. It produces a morse code line signal specific to that button. This is the circuit board from the other side. Um which uh sends it over to the transistors and all that stuff that amplify the signal and all that is being sent to the infrared lamp up there. Or you know you lose it, it lies behind the couch for a week and yeah mm. Um the kinetic energy thing um might work, um but the same problem. So I'd say what we're stuck with really is um the basic battery. Which also makes a base station basically obsolete. Um however when it comes to the scroll wheel of the iPod I've one big objection and that is that we have to fit an L_C_D_ into the remote control as well. This however may exclude certain um materials. Hence we might not be able to put it in there. But obviously that's not our problem um since we have decided or against solar cells, I assume right? Um Um With the titanium um we cannot make it a curved design. So plastic yes, titanium yes, but this will of course influence the form. With plastic, as I understand it, you can use any form. Basically plastic gives you the b biggest variety of of options. Like say just the underside or so then it can be done. Say we don't make it p a particular fruit shape obviously, but uh give it like the surface of an orange, banana, whatever.", "The project manager reviewed the minutes of the previous meeting. The marketing expert discussed the results of trend watching reports which indicated a need for products which have a fancy look and feel, are technologically innovative, easy to use, include a fruit and vegetable theme, and are spongy in feel. The marketing expert stressed the need to incorporate these findings into the team's design and suggested that the team should create a remote that has limited buttons , can be personalized, and is not rectangular. The user interface designer briefly described how speech recognition technology works and what ways a user can use a remote. The user interface designer presented three existing products on the market - a voice recognition remote, an iPod, and a children's remote - and discussed a few features to include in the team's design. The industrial designer discussed the interior workings of a remote and the restrictions involved in combining various components, energy sources, and materials. The industrial designer also discussed with the how to incorporate a fruit and vegetable theme into their design. The team then discussed and decided what components, materials, and energy sources to use. "], ["Welcome at the functional design meeting, again presented by Maarten. Oh, well this is the the closing already. So uh well we start off with the th the first presentation then. Well it's you dumped the file in the uh in the sh in the project document folder. And I'll get this one uh in digital uh form too. R regardless of what type of functions we want to implement. The ones I I've uh received from the account manager. Because um uh s decided to put They have decide to put two additional requirements forward. Well, I think that may be so, but well, we can't just leave the teletext button off. The remote control should only be used for television. I think it's something about the Oh, okay. I thought it w might be, let's make things better or something, but Okay well, let's go back to the the agenda. So we've now had to the three presentations. We know about the new project requirements. Do th should we implement features that uh uh or functions that to control other devices? And uh and it's just an uh a complimentary remote and not a universal one. If you want to keep it simple, you can make a universal remote. Um, but what televis Yeah, we we'll make w this one trendy. Well, we we will come to that, but ju first on the on the functions. Yeah, yeah, but maybe you s yeah yeah, maybe y you do, but I've never heard of it in the first place. Yeah, but do you like to have a such a s stop button? Or do we uh I dunno if we have t stif specifically name all the functions we n we want. So maybe uh that's i I think that's when uh when we decide on these type of functions, know, basic functions, uh it's very important to find something like this. So there's a very important task for you. If you want it to be something, you know, it's ha doesn't have much functions want to be you don't want to get it l make it Mm-hmm. Yeah, but but when you when it gets lost, how can you press the button to make it Oh, okay. S some kind of be I've never seen that before, and you make it uh um be uh, you see it with uh the mo the mouses nowadays. Well, maybe yeah, you could when that's when it's too costly, you could probably skip the recharger, but you will you do need uh also an uh, also you would need a battery in the the base unit as well, you know. Uh, i i in the in the ma Yeah, but it w I mean, if if they pay for it because they think, oh, that's a great idea, I'm gonna use it. Okay now, well, how much time have we got left? We shou we could also, that was a would also be an idea, but I don't think it I don't know if it exists already, you should like make Alessi or something design it. Maybe uh, I don't know, some some lights, a big but well. And some of the extra funct Some of the extra functions over here. The slogan uh Puts fashion in electronics. Yeah, but uh you said Yeah, d yeah, but th the functions are not in the remote control we're making. And the basic yeah, basic functions, yeah. Well Yeah, I uh, it's Sunday I always use it for the uh yeah, for the soccer uh Well, uh when you uh uh when you look uh for example um, a couple of weeks ago I looked at the for the flights, and there are a lot of flights in one page, so if if th Yeah, but True. If you use large batteries or small batter batteries. That not not everything in one one uh folder. I got like this big black border uh on every side. But it sure um says we shouldn't make it too uh complicated. Fifty percent also claims uh to have lost a remote control very often in the room. Group features for a higher usability, uh what I was claiming in the previous meeting. And a trendy look, well uh, although seventy percent of the market is uh consists of elderly people uh who don't really care for trendy looks or whatever, I guess it can do no harm to make it trendy for the other thirty percent. I don't really agree actually, to be honest. It's only like thirty percent of the total market. But but for for example, V_C_R_, that's better example in this case. No uh, of the base the the the the the the the thing you put it in. Kay, we're going to um uh talk about working design. Um, the known technology can make a cost very low. Uh, we can use for that uh fibreglass with copper wires, it's it is uh can be made as fast as printing paper. Uh, and it's not uh very specialised uh technology. They were not uh very uh trendy or just uh just a remote control like everyone knows. Um, no, it's uh it's just a part of uh a known technology, yeah. But you can put a play and stop and and rewind. Maybe we can make uh a kind of a joystick. But i in a way we have to be uh uh special.", "The project manager opened the meeting. The industrial designer reported on working design, explaining how a remote control works and describing its main components. The user interface designer talked about what functions should be included. He suggested they should focus on either expert or novice users. The basic functions should include an on/off switch, buttons for channels one to nine, volume, mute and buttons for next and previous channel. He suggested that a trendy design should not have many buttons. The marketing expert reported on user requirements, including how users rated the importance of different features. He stressed that a trendy design is important, that users zap a lot, and that remotes often get lost. The project manager informed the group of new requirements. The remote is only for TV, should not include a teletext feature, and should feature the company colour and slogan. The group discussed what functions and features the remote should have, and whether to include DVD/VCR controls, a teletext button, stop button, changeable covers, and a base/recharger with locator function. The group also discussed making the remote a rounded, ergonomic shape, and using flashing lights to help locate it when lost. "], ["That's the kind of spam that everybody likes to receive. Well, there's sometimes combinations, I mean, like calculators do combinations of battery with but also using some solar power. Uh I think, it has to be on the on the solar energy, but I don't know. Th the the speech recognition um option is it doesn't seem really very promising for us uh, 'cause uh The yeah the example that they're already using it for is with the coffee machine, where, basically, you can program a sample wi um That when you say something it will give a response, and you program the response as well. We're giving them a way to burn off steam, basically, yeah. Not that watching T_V_ should be that stressful. So I already mentioned the speech recognition interface. But you know we can we can discuss this, but it sounded like from our last meeting we really wanted something that was general, but done well. Uh um So, the key layout and design are really crucial. I didn't I didn't think the spinning-wheel or the uh L_C_ display were were crucial for us. If that's what people want then we maybe we're going in the wrong direction. And it's it's not technologically innovative either. Yeah, that's basically what it allows you to do, right? Yeah, the that wouldn't be the remote so much, I mean Mm. Yeah, so they can sit there and go like Mm. So Technologically it should be like um work, basically, I guess. So, no loose That's why I was thinking, Bluetooth, 'cause if you like put up Bluetooth, and it's like a Bluetooth remote control, everybody's gonna like, oh, 'cause Bluetooth is the in thing nowadays, like it really is, like people and um when it comes to marketing like that's what people go for, they don't really care whether, you know, at the end of the day whether it works properly or not. If it looks good and it's it can just be there for decoration. And so personal what I was just saying like move away from the current remote controls uh like the look and the feel of the current ones and change the look and feel, while still keeping to the company's image, basically. Well I think, if it's rubber it needs to be different. Bright natural colours, nothing too Bright, but too not yeah. Like no lime green or bright yellow or bright pink. And uh parents will see the will see the pro as well, because it's um like kids won't break it, it's not breakable if you throw it around. So it puts, I think, even the customer into more control over what they're buying instead of, you've got all colour it's either that or nothing. Well, personally I like walking into a shop and choosing a colour. You can have a kinetic provision of energy, which is used on some watches these days. For the case of the remotes itself, um they can be a general case, which is just a flat one. And if we are choosing um solar cells then we can't choose latex for the case material, so we just have to take that into account. Um and if we choose double curved then we have to go for rubber push-buttons. So it's either um the scroll-wheel or the push-buttons. Wha what w what advantage would you get for the Maybe the kinetic mo provision of energy then. Okay, right, well, I take it that you are all ready now. So that might be an idea of using the rubber, but then it should, you know yeah. Okay, uh what I'm not understanding here is uh, okay, advanced chip on print, which I presume is like one P_C_B_ and that's got all the electronics on one board including the um infra-red sender? I it doesn't affects whether the customer's gonna buy it or not. So let's not let's uh not bother with the chip on print. Well, what do we need a speaker for in a remote control unit? It's not something that we wanna t go into with this product. We were go we were going with the late with the the R_S_I_ rubber, weren't we? Yep, but we're going for the simple buttons. So that's another marketing point that we can use. Well let's um so w what are our definite decisions on this then as a team? Yeah, I don't have any other questions on this. That would mean we'd have to make a television as well. An and there is no there is no such thing. Yeah, we're we're ahead of the game there. Alright, yeah, no, this i this is good, so through all that we've we go we're right, we're gonna go go back to um going with the kinetic thing, that's great, using the spongy rubber that we were talking about that anti-R_S_I_ you can as you squeeze it you are not only therapeuticising yourself, you are charging the batteries, and um I'm not sure about the buttons being in the shape of fruit though.. Yeah, this is true. Well, okay, it seems like the only thing that we haven't really finally um agreed on is its image. Then basically, you two are gonna be working together on this. It's this rubber casing that we can sell as um fun and funky. But um I got a note saying that you two who are gonna be working together so bef before you all disappear off just hold hold fire. Um I've just had a sign flashing up saying, finish the meeting. It's not telling it's not saying do anything in particular just yet.", "The project manager recapped the decisions made in the previous meeting. The industrial designer discussed different options for batteries, materials, and components, as well as restrictions involved in combining particular materials, components, and batteries. The team then discussed and decided what materials, components, and what type of battery to use in their product. The interface specialist presented examples of existing remotes on the market with good and bad layouts and stated what features the remote required. The marketing expert discussed research from trendwatching reports, finding that products now require technological innovativeness, a fancy look and feel, a spongy feel, and a fruit and vegetable theme. This lead to a discussion on whether to use Bluetooth or infra-red technology in remote. The team then discussed how to incorporate a fruit and vegetable theme into the remote. "], ["I So it will have five point five average. Yeah the only problem there might be which know, i if it's very sensitive, they will, I don't know Yeah, okay. So I made an evaluation and the the evaluation criteria is made according to the users' requirements and the market trends we talked about uh during the previous uh meetings. So you can go through and okay so uh we have uh six points. Thirteen uh, twenty, twenty six point five, uh seven, thirty two, thirty six. But almo also the complexity between a phone and a remote control is not cannot compare. And uh then we will see the financial aspects and the cost of the product. So which is uh good, because we had a price gap of twelve point five Euros. Maybe we all have to agree on a common Yeah. How much would you give on the fancy aspect, on the fashionable aspect? We also have the rubber material, which make it uh like new also. Yeah, it's rubber, made of rubber, I think it's m it's uh more rubber than uh other remote control.", "The Project Manager presented the final cost of the remote with the finalized list of components. The final cost was under the alotted budget; the Project Manager announced that the project could then continue with the current prototype. The Marketing Expert presented an evaluation of the prototype to the group. The group evaluated the prototype based on the requirements of users presented in the first meetings. The group decided that the prototype met enough of these goals to be able to market the product. The prototype was presented and the group discussed the look of the prototype. The Project Manager summarized the accomplishments of the meeting. "], ["You said uh targ target groups, what does that mean? So n uh with uh with regard to the uh working design of this uh uh remote control uh I've identified um a few basic uh components of the remote and uh se uh from the design, functional design perspective um w I c we can now uh know wha what exactly the components are and how how they work together with each other. Um the identification of the components, uh and uh since since I'm dealing only with the technical aspects, I would need feedback from the marketing person uh and uh from the user interface person. Okay, so these were the basic findings from today. The last three bullets have been integrated from uh the last minute uh email. Um also uh the remote control should be used only for television, because incorporating other features um makes it more comp complex. How however, our our remote control would only be dealing uh with the the use for television, in order to keep things simple. Okay, so he he here is a functional overview of the remote control. Yeah yeah, it says something now, adjusting Okay. Uh switching on off channel, uh volume, okay, that's great. Uh I think the co costs will also play a big role when we come to know about them. If we can do with away with that, our product can be really popular uh in the sense that uh a person can say, I want to watch uh I_T_V_ one instead of saying that I want to go onto channel number forty five. Yeah, so if uh if something like that can be incorporated, some kind of Mm-hmm. Uh eighty percent of users would spend more to get um you know, a nice looking remote control. Um okay, fifty percent of users say they only use ten percent of the buttons, so that's going back to what, you know, we were saying earlier about, you know, do you need all the buttons on the remote control, they just make it look ugly. Mm k Okay, well, I can send it to all of you. So you have sleek, stylish, sophisticated, you know, so something that's, you know, a bit cool. Yeah, I d well we've we've got quite a d decent T_V_. I think I think the fact that, you know, ninety one point two percent of fifteen to twenty five year olds are saying yes, I would pay more for a voice recognition remote control, does say quite a lot really. Because you have like I mean every mobile phone now has like call this person and it calls them. Yeah, you know, so you have to have the remote control. Yeah, 'cause it's it's quite important that you don't lose the the bit to locate the remote control. Is it best if I send you an email maybe, to let you know it's there? Um then we need to briefly discuss the new project requirements that were sent to us. So with that I think it's best if I hand over to you. Okay, so do you want to Yes, shall shall we pull this up? Should yeah just wait for a moment, adjusting. I liked the, I liked the litt ooh come back. Then again I guess the th where it was most popular was the fifteen to twenty five bracket and the I don't know how often they're buying televisions. With um but with a T_V_ remote it's gonna be quite limited if we're t saying the main things people want to do is on off channel five, louder, tha that should be relatively simple. Yeah, but maybe if you wanna look into that just to just to check. Okay, I think we're gonna have to wrap this up um. Um I'll put the minutes in that project documents folder, but I'll send you an email when I do it, so that you know. No, we have we have after lunch we have thirty minutes to ourselves to prepare, so that's fine, w before lunch we just have to complete the questionnaire and some sort of summary. Okay, so you can I guess we'll see you for lunch in a sec?No. Oh project project documents, yeah, yeah, yeah, okay. Yeah, I think since since we were discussing some um design issues then I I I would like to continue okay, yeah. But I don't see anything I don't see anything on my computer now. So my personal preferences would be uh to keep the mm the whole remote control small um just like the physical size. I think I th I would I would think the put the buttons, but if if you have other mm proposals um. Yeah, you share a television or something that yeah. Yeah, but then the remote control I think I mean um the idea is kind of it's it's not that it's sitting there on on top of the television, because then you could already yell at the television and you wouldn't you you wouldn't need the remote control, so the remote control is still something you keep n near yourself.", "The project manager opens the meeting by stating that they will address functional design and then going over the agenda. The industrial designer gives his presentation, explaining how remote controls function and giving personal preference to a clear, simple design that upgrades the technology as well as incorporates the latest features in chip design. The interface specialist gives her presentation next, addressing the main purpose of a remote control. She pinpoints the main functions of on/off, channel-switching, numbers for choosing particular channels, and volume; and also suggests adding a menu button to change settings such as brightness on the screen. She gives preference to a remote that is small, easy to use, and follows some conventions. The group briefly discusses the possibility of using an LCD screen if cost allows it, since it is fancy and fashionable. The marketing expert presents, giving statistical information from a survey of 100 subjects. She prefers a remote that is sleek, stylish, sophisticated, cool, beautiful, functional, solar-powered, has long battery life, and has a locator. They discuss the target group, deciding it should be 15-35 year olds. After they talk about features they might include, the project manager closes the meeting by allocating tasks. "], ["Which which is the clunky one, the one on left or on the right?.. 'Cause twenty five Euros for a remote, how much is that lo locally in pounds? I mean if you lost your remote and the first thing you just wanna go out and get, would you how much would you pay? People who are u growing up used to, you know in schools and in universities, when you go on to their working lives, people who would you know regular Yeah. So maybe we should I suggest that we think about speech recognition, anyway it's a it's something that can be used to fulfil a function, but at end of the day we don't look at the technology, but we look at the function first. It just explains how the process goes through, from a from the basic technology point of view, the basic steps that you need um in the diagram and in this slide probably works better. Kay, a battery or something, to keep it going. Like for example, voice recognition, right. It's fairly general, um and I guess the purpose of this is also not to restrict you in in the way you're thinking, like um voice recognition, right, um, if it's something which is important then we just add more power rather than having a thing that we don't have enough power. Um so I guess the rest of it I think we should maybe you you wanna go back to what the functions are? I think that's more relevant to a discussion? Um you have a transmitter, an input device, logic chip, you know, stuff like that. So each component represents one function, but I think the basic functions are the logic, the transmitter, um and the receiver, okay, and the power are things that you won't have to care about. One would be audio controls, one would be video controls, and the other one would be a device. I mean it might help with the visualisation. Because they don't have anything to do with what you see. And then video is anything that you can see. Um even even if it doesn't map very clearly what happens is that people at least have some in their mind. But anyway, um we might come to that later. Here, I'll just Why don't I just Mm er, can you go up behind me? Kinda This is so This I'm all in a knot now. Obviously obviously what you've just told me what you've just told me impacts a lot on what um like market research mm that that I've been So how do I how do I get this up? So um I'm thinking here about uh primarily about customer needs, that we start with the customer, and w you know, what they want and what are issues with with um existing products. They get lost a lot, s as it came up in our last meeting. Um and I will admit I don't know what R_S_I_ stands for. So I dunno if that's possible we might consider getting into it. These are the age groups which we have information on and these are this is a table of h what people would pay more for a certain feature. It does it does fit with the market that we're sort of identifying, in terms of Okay. like we're kind of what we're b sort of getting in into here is mating different uh design features together that they Right. Then we get to go find out what was picked up for lunch for us. Um, not sure if you had a a look at the other um control in that example. Um, and it's just very hard to access the advanced functions. Um but unfortunately it does lack the advanced functions which I I quite like having on the controls. Um not sure of how long we've got, uh Um, the clunky one is the one on the right. It's, you know, it's very spread out and kind of you know, I get the idea it'd be sort of about this size. Um they're just the the very basics you could use for a T_V_. Um Uh, to start with um sort of a bit both, um we need to find out exactly what we have to have um and after that we can add things if they're possible. Um on off, up and down channels, up and down volume and uh skip to a channel. Um just about the three buckets, um what would go in the the device functions one? Okay, everybody all set to start the meeting? Um so hopefully you've all been working away, and I've put the minutes of the last meeting in the project folder. Um kind of uh got to know each other a little bit and uh got familiar with all the equipment and started to discuss um a bit about the project, you know, cost-wise how much how much money we had to s Um just want to tell you that you have three new requirements, um which is the The first one is that um uh the company's decided that teletext is outdated uh because of how popular the internet is. And the other thing was that the company want the corporate colour and slogan to be implemented in the new design. Um or yeah, just the idea, but I'm not sure. Well we can chat away for uh for five minutes or so I think at at most. God, I wou I would say that's required, I mean there's no way anybody's gonna buy a remote control these days when if you can't actually individually select channels, I mean would anybody disagree with that? Um, so so far, just to recap you've got volume and channel control and Right okay. Mm hard to know what where your role ends, yeah. Uh pr yeah, press function and F_ eight, yeah. Okay, so fifteen to thirty five, look fairly young. Something I was wondering about was the power. Um and then we're gonna have thirty minutes of working on the next stage. So um I dunno, just just to to ask now if you've got anything else you've thought about while we've been talking. Make it kind of ergonomic kind of to hold, you know, things like that.", "The project manager briefed the team on some new requirements to consider when designing the remote. The user interface designer presented two existing products and discussed what was wrong with each product. The team discussed how to create a remote which did not include the problems present in the existing products presented by the interface specialist. The marketing expert presented consumer preferences and requirements and the team discussed who their target demographic should be and whether to include speech recognition in their product. The industrial designer discussed the interior workings of a remote and the team discussed various options for components and energy sources. The team then discussed features to include in the remote and what they could do to figure out how to categorize them. "], ["People, welcome back with the second meeting. I'm not sure if you received them as well, um but I will tell you about it. Um the top goal of this m Um we will figure that out. Um the remote control should only be used for television, because it's not uh f uh feasible, it's not uh w uh uh we we cannot make it because of the time to market um that we have to deal with. Okay, so the important thing here is In the market, yeah. Yeah, but but the question is whether um two or four buttons makes uh m makes such a difference in the costs if you already plan to uh include fancy lightning techniques, I guess. Well, um according to Ruud, um people do not use um all the extra features very very often. Uh uh uh I think we should go for the easier one. Uh and we could have other buttons for the for the advanced uh functions. Um however, uh keeping it simple is is important for the costs and all all those kind of things. Well, for example, that that's what we should think about. Um I put all the minutes I make into the shared folder. So if you want to have a look at it, you know where to find it. Um Yeah, that's that's if you want to do it, Sebastian. But we do have thirteen different Dutch channels. I know, b uh but there should be an adapter as well. Uh are there other things about the market we should know? Okay, so although we are focussing on younger people uh to make it uh profitable uh Profitable. Um I'm don't know how long the break will be, but we'll find out. Um then we will have thirty minutes of time to perform our individual work, uh and I'm sure your personal coaches will uh assist you with it. Um well w we uh we had discussed this already in the fin in the previous uh discussion. But I think Yeah, I think it's the same as in the cell phone, just light in in the device that that shines on all the buttons, and not for Yeah, but not for each button one LED, I think. Could you step a little bit more to the right? We can make uh a nice design when when there's not mu uh much buttons in it. But I think our our next step to look at is just that. So we have to i to make um a decision between the ten digits or the voice recognition. Well it then we should just uh take a look at the costs and uh especially for the voice recognition. Well, during my work I have no time either. And the m most easy way to do this is by uh sending pulses of infrared light to a T_V_ set. The user interface connected to a chip, which is connected to the sender, which generates messages using uh infrared light, which are sent to the receiver. I have a basic scheme of the things uh which are implemented. Uh another important point is uh we really should use uh energy uh sparse, friendly components. Um for cost-effectiveness, we should really use a very low-cost uh circuit board, um because most of the production cost are are in this uh part of the equipment. So maybe it's a good idea to think about these buttons and and uh and a sound signal. Well, there there are some devices who uh incorporate this technique already. Um there are video sets and um they have a special button, the find the remote control button. And then uh the remote control uh reports itself, so w we should use have uh we should use something like that. Maybe it's more important to make the make it look like a very uh friendly, easy to catch piece of equipment, but um nevertheless Mm-hmm. And Yes, and this also looks more fancy, I think. I think it it will attract uh more uh uh public, I think. Because I don't think but you should uh shou you should know that. But I think these uh ten uh buttons look a bit dull. So um when you add uh speech recognition to your remote control, uh it's very easy to change uh the channel. Well, the voice recognition has the main adva has another advantage. But maybe can we we can think something smart about it. So that's one the those are the choices we have to make. Um there are some advantages and some disadvantages, and the main advantage is that we can implement uh fancy techniques, which uh I think our customers will like. And it's very cheap uh to incorporate uh uh an integrated circuit, a chip. Well um do we really have to decide now or can we decide next meeting? So they're obv obviously uh the most important buttons. So we we should uh for least a bit uh look at the uh older people. So I don't think that's a big problem Yes. Yeah.@highlightThere are some new requirements for the project:", "There are some new requirements for the project: the device will have to be for TV only, they should ignore the teletext function, as it is dated, and, also, the remote should be recognisable as a Real Reaction product. The target group will be people below 40. The UI preferred an easy-to-use remote to a multi-function one. The function of the remote is relatively simple: by pressing a button a current is passed to the chip, and defines what signal is to be sent to the receiver (the TV) via infrared. The use of infrared, energy-efficient power source and cheap circuit was suggested. The remote could light up via LED's placed inside. Functions like zapping are very prevalent, as well as complaints about remotes being easy to lose. It also transpires that customers like innovative technology like speech recognition. The design can focus on such customer needs, like finding a mechanism to locate a lost remote. The functions of the remote will include a back button to switch between two channels, volume, program selection, and speech recognition, with a focus on simplicity of design. "], ["Okay, welcome to the detailed design meeting. Oh, we're gonna have a prototype presentation first. The one with dash, that signal gi and when y whe when you don't push another button on the remote control within five seconds, then the remote control gives a signal for channel one. Yeah, but you don't underst uh you don't understand my point. Yeah, but I m uh but it's I I know for sure that some televisions that w th th the remote control supplied, only ha has the c these buttons with a one and a dash and a two and a dash, but when you use a bu a n remote control that doesn't sport these buttons, it still works. Um, the next p y you gonna give a presentation too? I don't know or uh I don't know how you Casting. Yeah, but we d we didn't we're we're not planning to use fronts, I believe. Okay, but Oh, maybe we should do three or something that w you know, our Yeah. But I do think it's more But I do think that it's more trendy than beautiful. N no no, t. Yeah, I mean the dock station, but but uh, I think the the docking station, it's gonna be a kind of a problem. But Well, let's leave it open for uh for us later to see what, because we have to reevaluate anyway. Yeah, you can yeah, you can be very picky about it. Yeah, you have make an slogan is quite obvious. Yeah, you can put that on the side if if we would like to. Because I I still think that the most important part of this meeting still has Yeah. We um yeah, we we uh indicate the amount of components of the specif specific component, how much we need of them. We don't need kinetic, solar cells, hand dynamo. A s okay, this this is a p first problem. And with the retriever, it would be an advanced chip. Okay, then the push-button, I was just counting them. One two three uh four five six seven eight nine ten eleven twelve and thirteen. Tha w Le let's see th we have uh oh yeah, button supplements. Uh, I think we should mark the special form thing, because it this will be some special forms incorporated in these big buttons, I guess. Because when we don't need a d a docking station, then probably we also have only we also need a simple chip. Yeah that's what then what he has to find out. Or maybe something is uh maybe there's something abo in in these Here. I've never seen it before in a remote control. Yeah, we can als or uh also m we we can make one we can still make Yeah, but be serious, then uh the docking station will be a fifth of the price of the remote control. Yeah, but we uh we don't inc we haven't looked at the these costs of the speaker and other stuff. I don't think it's realistic for you to do so. Yeah, and it is also not a good it's not you have to really do it only kinetic, you don't want it to think about batteries anymore. Becau be but a remote control gets why do they state that this technology can be used if it Yeah, m but a w uh uh n uh a calculator also works on r on solar cells. Because I think the d whole dynamic part, do you know, appeals to me qui uh thinking of our design philosophy, you know, with the rubber parts and uh sturdiness of the thing, and y when you move it around a lot, then people find the idea funny that when I move my remote control around and Yeah, but you don't have to. Yeah, we have to Yeah, it's Uh, I don't know.. Alright, I Yeah. Alright, and uh you gotta point out which is the volume um uh button and which is the programme button. Yeah, that's true, but uh Yes, but uh I I g Shouldn't it fall then? The remote control's uh uh that n makes uh zapping easy. I would say a one because uh every button is uh uh relevant. Remote control hasn't got too much redundant or unneeded buttons. Yeah, you think the lights are innovative? Alright, well, point out the advanced chip for now, I guess. One two three four five, si Fifty cents for one single stupid button. Yeah, but I d I wouldn't want to own that. I mean Wi wi without recharge Yeah, but but we can make a docking station for two Euros uh if you don't put the recharge function in it. Yeah, but but if we ca I don't know if Five minutes. We can make a docking station for two thirty. I don't see why, but I think we gotta fill out another questionnaire, to be honest. Um, our interface elements, there are shown in the in the drawing. Maybe you can uh point them uh The functions. When you uh press one button, you give one signal. And the older televisions need more signals to go a level higher. But it's flat it's flat as as this, so we can p make all the products as flat as this. In in and comparing with uh people of th of the age above? When it succeeds, uh it can get a two, mu A logo. Otherwise, you get uh a standard uh plastic colour. But we can uh sell the remote control and uh sell the docking station yes. No, but you otherwise you can't retrieve it. It isn't in my information, so I don't know it uh either. It isn't in my information, I uh I I've got a schematic view of the remote control, but nothing about uh advanced chips or Uh I've got here in uh I will put a I will put a page on it. I will put uh my email on the the network. We can use a simple, a regular, or advanced chip. But but sometimes you put a Kinetics aren't uh nowadays only used in watches and that's because you're always walking. With a cable, with uh buttons on it, with retrieval uh device in it. Yes, but when it's then when it then you have to shake it uh and all when it's when it's empty. We're not well, maybe the the the on the side. Was it working design or components design? But then we could make a docking station. Well, we we uh Yeah, then we don't have any innovation things. It w it won't tell, but No, uh, n no Yeah, we just have to go all what we did today again.", "The project manager opened the meeting. The user interface designer and industrial designer presented the prototype design. The remote has buttons for power, mute, teletext, volume and channel up/down, and nine numbered channel buttons. The group discussed what buttons would be needed to enter channels 10 and above. They discussed adapting the docking station so it could be used with other products but did not make a decision. The remote is plastic with different coloured rubber strips on the sides and rubber buttons. The marketing expert led the product evaluation. The group were generally satisfied with the design but did not think the remote was technologically innovative. The overall score was 2.6. The group worked out the manufacturing costs. The group had problems figuring out the cost of the docking station and buttons, and did not know which kind of chip to use. They discussed using kinetic energy to make the remote more technologically innovative but decided against it. They eventually decided that they could not afford a docking station. They did not have time to evaluate the project process before the end of the meeting. "], ["Could have one for your stereo, one for your D_V_ player. So uh one two three four five six seven eight nine ten eleven. And that roughly concludes my evaluation of the of the product. Yeah, just kind of Or just make it little. Yeah I think just the simplicity of it and not having to learn to programme and not having you know a million buttons. But it's also e e easier to put on versus like mobile covers you actually have to screw them on and stuff and you kinda sometimes have to get someone to do that for you. Li that'll be the covers as well, yeah yeah. We might have to lengthen it so it kinda your hand still holds it and have it there, yeah, yeah, yeah like that, like that. Um okay, oh the um th the the minutes of the last meeting uh I think we'll take those as read, um Okay the um th the the next uh thing we we we'll have a look at the uh th have a look at the prototypes and uh look at the uh evaluation criteria and finance and then uh uh just tidy up with production and um and then we can close. showing me age, I don't know what i c iPod covers are like. Good, this is why we need to make these things simple so that the uh the the the boss can understand. The uh the the voice sensor is is expensive but we we made a a basic decision that that was absolutely fundamental to the to the design so that that has to stay. Seven being a nice round number to work to. Well that's right, I mean th this this slide here I mean the satisfaction with uh room for creativity, I mean I think we've allowed ourselves uh as much creativity as the uh the the the product uh allows.", "The project manager opens the meeting by stating the agenda. Then the industrial designer and interface specialist present the prototype, showing where they placed each button, function, and the company logo. Then they talk about the material they chose, which is light gray colored and light weight plastic so that people will want to buy covers. Next they take a brief look at the finance by examining the materials used, chip required, shape, and color. They are exactly on target at twelve point five. Next the marketing expert administers the product evaluation, and the group talks about whether the device is flashy and fashionable, technologically innovative, easy to use, suitable for the consumer, complicated, how long it would take to learn to use it, and its appeal to all age groups. They come up with an average of 1 for the evaluation. They briefly discuss the project process and agree that they worked well together, had excellent teamwork, and created an effective product that meets the budget cost. They close the meeting by thanking one another. "], ["You could make the hand dynamo into an exercise bike, and then people could exercise whilst watching T_V_. No it's got its little camera in there, plug it in. And um, yeah it wants to look fancy, fancy look and feel. Okay, apparently, fruit and vegetables will be providing inspiration. 'Cause you don't tend to get flat vegetables. If it's made of rubber you could get the kinetic energy fairly easily there, you could just bounce it up and down. No, I d I don't think it makes a lot of difference. Uh it's it's more about the protecting the L_C_D_, which I think is where it came from. Uh combine style with a level of functionality, um beauty and practicality and a thing of beauty and p function. You have to have some push-buttons, don't you? So um actually that could like really cut down your thing, so you've got your outside, which is like minimalist, and then you open it up and you've got a screen and a spinning wheel, which you can incorporate buttons into. I don't know if you got a chance to just have a look at it. Do you think these pens can give you cancer of the hand? And maybe the L_C_D_ and spinning so that means we need an advanced thing. It it is also quite nice though to to have something here so you don't interrupt the picture on the screen, so if you're watching something Yeah. Yeah, and possibly even uneven, like not not symmet yeah. Pr presumably if they're suggesting it, then we could use it. Can I pull the thing out the back of your computer? Just so we can Nothing, it's right, I'm just There we go. Um the User Interface Designer will work on the user interface design and the Marketing Expert is going to work on product evaluation. I dunno, maybe I would carSo what was what was this k ka Okay. Um you mean this would be like the the overall shape of the remote control, yeah, mm-hmm. So um yeah, this time um I might not have them on the slides but I I can just mention them aw again. Um s another new development is a scroll button, which was also th also already mentioned. No no, the scroll button is a different thing. Um and I I also thought uh if we want to keep it small and nice um and actually I I quite like the idea of a scroll a scrolling button, I thought it could be for for voice like, I dunno, it mm like on a um i like it used to be on Walkmans or something. Yeah, yeah, in the case of remote control not really. Yeah, so for channel numbers but But I th yeah but I think the L_C_D_ display is kind of yeah, it's faster with a m yeah and w if we dis and when we s um discussed that we might like this flipping open thing, then I mean y you can use it as a normal remote control, but if you do want to use L_C_D_, then you flip it open, but it's it it's more time-consuming. Okay, so uh I'll start again with a brief introduction to connect that anyway brief introduction to the insides of a remote control and uh then we can probably uh discuss the various components. So uh I don't know if even if you want to consider this, but these are the different things that the company makes, so th they'll they'll since uh they'll come internally from the company, they'll be eas uh cheaper, uh all these options. Okay um so I'll list things and then we can come back and discuss what what we think from uh everybody's perspective. Um the so uh we can use even um a certain titanium is also used uh in the company to make uh uh some space design equipment, so it's kind of um uh it'll be probably nicer to use, because it relates to the overall image of the company, but uh it cannot be used on a double curved surface. So these two are recent and and this is q quite old. Um the we need regular or advanced for uh scroll wheels. So instead of going down you just spin yeah, yeah. W uh L_C_D_s are basically for feedback, right, to the user who's pressing buttons, and the feedback can come through television itself, so do we need an L_C_D_ on the remote? So probably double curved surface is the way to go, yeah,. Or or curved at one end and flat on the top, because I I'm not sure if it is flat on both both the sides, then ho how much easy would it be to reach for buttons, etcetera. It does not say anything about uh whether technically, you know, this this stuff is available at all. Um kinetic energy does seem to have some kind of uh uh appeal, but uh it's Yeah. As against a watch, which constantly keeps moving, this this thing will have to be tapped every time, which which might be very frustrating for the user. Kinetic energy it needs I don't have too much technical information on that, yeah, right. Okay, let's keep it option uh keep an option, yeah. It has to be at least curved from one side, yeah. Okay, now for the really interesting stuff, the interface. Right, so uh the the push-buttons is is our expertise uh in the industry, but uh it seems to be out of trend, you know, nobody seems to be Mm right. Uh since we're having L_C_D_s there there's no way that we're will be able to um what we do need to consider, however, is that the price is going up for the ever every such thing that we are considering, but since L_C_D_s seems to be uh a definite yes, so it seems to be one area where we would want to spend. But it does not hold any advantages as such for a yeah.", "The project manager opens the meeting by stating the agenda. The industrial designer begins presenting, first describing the insides of a remote control. He lists the options for types of batteries, shapes for the remote case, materials to use, and functions to include such as push buttons, scroll wheels, and LCD screens. He then talks about the type of chip certain features would require. The interface specialist begins presenting, first defining user interface and then showing some examples of remotes. She mentions that many existing remotes do not have a nice appearance, and states her preference for a remote that is small and simple and contains a scrolling wheel. The marketing expert gives her presentation about user requirements and current trends. She shares that fruits and vegetables are popular, meaning curviness and assymetry are in. The group decides to use LCD screens to give the remote style. They discuss what material should be used, talk about how the surface of the case should look, and plan out the general user interface. After they make some decisions about the remote, the project manager closes the meeting by telling them what their tasks will be until the next meeting. "], ["It's gonna be not my favourite one but the one I can draw. Ch Yeah, but without any extremes like n not of this size, not too large. At least for children like one colour and. I mean it it's like it's like two types no? Characteristics of this this animal is dangerous. So colour, robustness, easy to use, size, yeah, size matters, yeah. I dunno if Yeah, at least the colour would be different. I thought it could be only a screen which would change depending on uh uh the use or even the user. So ma I prefer to have the off button at the top right, so I would have my own design of the remote control because it's in fact just a a full touch screen remote control, if you if you like. And that's already more complex to go to channel twenty five. Then you can watch what your ah you could also record your record your sequence of actions, that becomes more complex, but you could look at what uh the other people have used there or remote controls. It has to be original, trendy and user friendly. Maybe if it's more, if there is a software inside that ask you three Hmm. If it if we want a r universal remote control that we sa like we say before it may may need more than three mm three button, three mm possibilities, ye yeah.", "The project manager opened the meeting and introduced the upcoming project to the team members. The team members then participated in an exercise in which each team member drew his favorite animal and discussed why he liked the particular animal. After the drawing exercise, the project manager discussed selling prices and production costs for the remote the team will design. The project manager also indicated that the remote will be sold internationally and that two million remotes are expected to be sold. The team then discussed their experiences using remotes in the past and what features to consider implementing in the remote they will produce. The team members discussed child proof capabilities, color options, how to adapt a remote for left-handed users, a \"go back\" function, the size of a remote, buttons, and LCD screens. The project manager closed the meeting and gave the team members their assignments and then one of the team members briefly went over his role on the team. "], ["We might uh add some more underneath here. Right.. I'd say, when it comes to the ergonomics, the form and stuff, yes that's definitely more beautiful than your average. We could add that but that's nothing we have thought of so far. So that can also easily be integrated because these things are small enough to to hide, so you have one piece, you have to glue somewhere behind your stick it behind your T_V_ and the other Right. Ran off with it without taking the beautiful remote control. We could of course make the buttons wood. You can have the the information that this thing transmits be being displayed on the on the screen. That's obviously the people I work for uh that work for me, uh they've just you know Heads are gonna roll, believe me. These would be like the rubber, the rubber grips. 'Cause we've we've brought it down to basically four controls most common, which are channel and volume. And then the other ones are just a matter of just going, just scrolling further. But like I said, like I don't think you'd lose something so yellow so easily. You'd been going a long time dividing that. It's two point four two eight five se it just keeps going on. We sort of knew where we were going straight away I thought. So first I'll just discuss some of the criteria that I found. So for the first one, we need to decide, did we solved the problem of the users who complained about an ugly remote? Then we'll go through the finance and see if we fall within the budget. Um they liked fruit and vegetables in the new styles. Um and basically how, what were making for the prototype. I think it's definitely different than anything else out there. So if they think that what is out there is ugly, then yes I would say, I would say most definitely. And what what is the acceptable criteria? Twelve and a half Euros is what supposed to cost us. Okay so Uh first of all energy source, we picked battery. Um and how many batteries do we think this will probably take? I guess it doesn't matter 'cause the price on that one is zero, which is nice. Yeah 'cause the Well 'cause we have to have both right? Yeah I think we st we started off a little little weak. I had some problem with the pen I think, but minus your p Well Have a we have a list of employees that you would like fired. And I still have to do my minutes for the last meeting. And then we'll have to check with the main boss whether we can, what goes on after that.", "The project manager opened the meeting and read the minutes of the previous meeting. The industrial designer and user interface designer presented the prototype they created, which was designed to look like a banana. The marketing expert conducted an evaluation of the prototype. The team found that, although the overall design of the prototype was attractive, its yellow color was ugly. The team rated the prototype highly on its ease of use and felt that its yellow color and shape detracted slightly from its ability to be misplaced and that a feature which causes the remote to make noise based on its proximity to a television needed to be added. The team thought the prototype was fashionable and not technologically innovative or spongy. The project manager led the team in calculating the production costs of the remote and ensuring that they aligned with the project budget. The costs were over budget, so the team opted to exclude the LCD from their design to meet their budget. The team conducted an evaluation of the project process and found that they performed well and were somewhat satisfied by the resources available to them. "], ["Oh titanium is probably trendy, I think.. Well, maybe a little bit expensive. If we got already uh something like a base. a little uh too A little bit A little bit too big, I think. Uh Um oh, I I got an email with with an uh a remote control with a base. Yeah, I've nothing to s Uh, with a little bit larger, yeah. Kind of L_C_D_ or something or But how does it display then? But can we ge uh uh Can we combine it or something? Isn't that titanium with a little bit of rubber? Uh, the I don't know if you know the M_P_ three player of Nike. ' Is uh isn't that different from every television? Too much colour, i it uh when you got it in a living room, it's too much maybe. You see a kinda prototype you can a little bit more uh Yeah. Well, I've done some research again about trends on the internet. Dark colours, simple recognisable shapes. Fruit is uh yellow, green, red, whatever. No, I just put them there to uh, yeah, uh for general idea. And uh, we could bring one line with a dark colour uh to um uh p uh yeah uh uh v how do you say? Yeah, there's there's always a Well there there's always empty space of course on a remote control. So you you can put some fruity things No, of course not. Well, w we can uh w we can we can produce multiple uh multiple things. And then Well, the button button over here or whatever, I don't know. On the front, of course, because else you can't find it. Well, I think it's uh I think it's pretty trendy, to be honest, uh but um I don't know if if if well, I'm coming back to the costs again, but I think uh we gotta build a b pretty cheap design to to stay within our limits. Well, we can as as I draw really nicely over there. And maybe very very tiny on the remote control itself. Are we gonna do something with the uh spongy thing there? Uh the properties of the case, um it has to be solid uh in hard material like uh hard plastic uh with soft rubber for uh falling and and uh uh yeah, it feels uh good in your hand. Also, the speaker in the remote control, when we want to retrieve it. Mm, I've told about uh the three first points. Uh, it's all uh off the shelf and even the speaker and the wireless retriever are all uh available in our company. But uh but I think we don't have to make we can't make all uh ten designs. But pictures of fruit, vegetables vegetables Yes, you can put a logo on top of it. Only if we Maybe maybe we can make a T_V_ guide on it, for the channel you're on. No uh um Y yes, you can use uh buttons uh uh w that are already uh on the remote control for double functions. The simple Yes, but but when you want to have something special Yes, but you had a picture of it from another company. Tha the remote control on the docking station. But it it then it uh you can't throw it it. It uh it uh still some technical difficulties so the the first part of the minutes are very hard to read, because there are two documents that uh were layered over each other. Actually What are those, t tooth uh brushes, or so But it's actually kind of uh well, it resembles the design I had in mind for this proj You know the the cartoonish Alessi kind of design. Well we maybe we can think of that later. Well maybe c then we have to do something with Sponge Bob then. Uh No, but I I I think that uh our design already resembles so a piece of fruit. Of course we have uh we have a very big uh the s Of d design team, yeah. No, but I think it's it's already what we were were up to. Uh, it's it doesn't have to resemble uh what I already said, a specific piece of fruit, but just, you know, like a fruity thing going on. And uh, but I do like the yeah, I do like uh the f uh to the idea of making a a y uh, a catchy colour design and a d because I do I think a dark colour would be nice too. I really understand you want to make your job more exciting by putting an L_C_D_ in it, but I I really don't think it's a good n goo because it also doesn't stroke with we wanted uh c When we talk about the materials, uh it's a good idea to use these plastic materials with soft rubber stuff on it. It was our idea, you know, to give it a more sturdy look and that you ca like you can throw with it. Well, you you y Okay, we can vote for it. But it just it j it doesn't doesn't match with the our whole basic concept. We already we're uh Yeah, we already have the the th th th base station gadgets, and want and it uh uh, do it has to be a simple design, which sturdy, which soft I don't think I j uh, and really, I don't see how the the L_C_D_ display is gonna add anything, you know, on a design level. Uh, I think it's slicker to have no L_ CEDs. I'm sorry, maybe you can do something if we are at your own place, or make it make it make it happen in your basement or something. No, uh I don't like the yellow and black combination. So, are we through the technical part then? The materials you uh mentioned in your your personal preferences were all were quite okay. But the question is i then it's, you know, is is it fits in our s philosophy to make it uh sturdy and simple and uh, know, like uh When you make it titanium, it becomes more like some kind of gadget you actually don't need. It's always fun to have something big and plastic around. But you can't make the plastic give uh the ti titanium look.", "The industrial designer talked about the options available for materials and components. He suggested that the case should be double-curved, and be made from plastic and rubber rather than wood or titanium. He also recommended using basic batteries rather than solar or kinetic power. He also mentioned the possibility of using an LCD screen to add something special. The user interface designer went over the functions to be included in the remote. The group discussed using large buttons for the most frequently used functions. The marketing expert gave a presentation on trend watching. A fancy look and feel is most important to users, followed by technological innovation and ease of use. The younger market also likes the theme of fruit and vegetables and spongy material, which could be implemented through fruity colours and using a spongy material for the base. The group discussed how to incorporate a fruit and vegetable theme, as well as the company colours and logo. The group discussed whether to include an LCD screen, and eventually decided against it. The project manager closed the meeting and told the group they would receive emails about their tasks for the next meeting. "]]